
--- Page 8 ---
Dear Shareholders,  
2022 was a year during which we were able to demonstrate our resilience in a challenging environment 
and achieve significant business success. At the same time, we systematically advanced the implementa-
tion of our strategy. In addition, the year 2022 marks a historic moment for us: since 1 February the name 
of our company has been Mercedes-Benz Group AG.
What had we resolved to achieve in 2022? We wanted to limit the effects of supply bottlenecks and con-
tinue working on our cost efficiency. With regard to our strategy, we set ourselves the goal of scaling up 
electric mobility, speeding up software development and reinforcing the positioning of Mercedes-Benz as 
a luxury brand. 
We have made good progress in all of these areas. In order to minimize the effects of supply bottlenecks, 
we concluded contracts with a series of new semiconductor suppliers, for example. To safeguard our 
supply of raw materials, we are increasingly relying on direct procurement. For example, we plan to coop-
erate in the future with the Canadian government on the extraction of raw materials from sustainable 
sources. We have further increased our cost efficiency throughout the company. That has required clear 
prioritization and tremendous discipline. 
We have more than doubled the number of deliveries of all-electric Mercedes-Benz passenger cars to our 
customers. We have expanded our portfolio of electric vehicles by adding two electric SUVs. We were 
also able to significantly increase the sales of our electric vans. In the area of software we have opened a 
new centre of expertise, forged ahead with the development of our own operating system and delivered 
the first conditionally automated cars with the Mercedes-Benz star to customers in Germany. 
We have sharpened our focus with regard to our business model and our car portfolio. In the future we 
will concentrate even more clearly on the strengths of Mercedes-Benz — cutting-edge technology and 
our position at the leading edge of the market.
This course of action was reflected in our company’s results. Our revenue amounted to €150.0 billion.  
Our EBIT grew by 28 percent to €20.5 billion. Our net liquidity in the industrial business was €26.6 billion. 
All in all, net profit amounted to €14.8 billion. The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board will 
propose a dividend of €5.20 per share at the Annual General Meeting. 
These results were made possible thanks to the untiring commitment of our team. The year 2022 was 
marked by many challenges, ranging from the regional measures to combat Covid-19, to the uncertain 
and costly supply of energy in Europe and the continuing supply bottlenecks for semiconductors.  
We defied all of these challenges, thanks to our high degree of flexibility and immense adaptability.  
I would like to express my sincere thanks to all employees for this strong performance. 
8

--- Page 9 ---
We have clear strategic priorities for 2023 as well. We want to safeguard the optimal “operating point”  
of our business system, continue scaling electric mobility, make our worldwide supply chains fit for the 
future, raise the customer experience at Mercedes-Benz to the next level and maintain cost discipline.
What will we be focusing on specifically? 
In order to sustainably optimize our business system, we need to continue strengthening our resilience 
against external impacts. We anticipate headwinds in 2023 as well. But our goal remains unchanged:  
we want to grow profitably. We have established a good foundation for this in structural and financial 
terms. We are determined to continue on this path and to further accelerate the transformation of 
Mercedes-Benz. We want to grow even more strongly at the upper end of the segments in which we are 
represented. 
We want to approximately double our unit sales of all-electric vehicles in 2023. To accomplish this, we 
are pushing ahead at full throttle with the transformation of our production and powertrain sites. One 
important precondition for the further ramp-up of electric mobility is that our supply chains are as stable 
and as flexible as possible. We place particular emphasis on supply discipline — on the reliability of our 
suppliers and partners — as well as on our own efforts to fulfill our customers’ wishes as quickly and 
completely as possible. We also assign a high priority to the supply of the raw materials and components 
that are needed for the smooth ramp-up of electric mobility and further profitable growth.
In terms of our goal to upgrade the customer experience at Mercedes-Benz to an even higher level, our 
focal areas for this year include the continued expansion of direct sales, which offer maximum comfort 
and full transparency when buying a car. The planned launch of our own global network of high-power 
charging stations shows that we have a holistic concept of electric mobility that takes our customers’ 
needs into account. The new E-Class will showcase a forerunner of the new MB.OS operating system and 
demonstrate what our Mercedes fans can look forward to in terms of software. All of these plans serve 
our overarching claim: we want to build the world’s most desirable cars. 
We have further weatherproofed our company in the past year, and taken important strategic decisions. 
That was the qualifying session. Now the race is starting. I look forward to you continuing with us on this 
journey.
Sincerely yours, 
Ola Källenius
9
