
--- Page 9 ---
Contents
bitte nicht löschen
A | TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS | CoNteNts  9
to our 
shareholders 
Letter from the CEO  
The Board of Management  
Report of the Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board  
Daimler and the Capital Market  
Objectives and Strategy  
the role of Daimler Ag 
sustainability as an integral part of 
our corporate strategy  
integrity as a guiding principle  
mercedes-Benz Cars strategy 
mercedes-Benz vans strategy 
Daimler trucks & Buses strategy 2030 
Daimler mobility strategy 2025 
10
13
14
22
23
26
26
26
27
28
30
32
34

--- Page 10 ---
letteR FRom the Ceo
nicht löschen
10  A | TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS | letteR FRom the Ceo
“We will build  
the world’s most  
desirable cars.”
Ola Källenius,
Chairman of the Board of Management 
of Daimler AG 

--- Page 11 ---
A | TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS | letteR FRom the Ceo  11
Dear shareholders, 
We have an extraordinary year behind us. the global pandemic 
had a considerable impact on society, politics and the world 
economy, and thus also on Daimler. We responded at an early 
stage at all our sites and took a number of effective counter-
measures. our top priority was, and still is, to protect people’s 
health. At the same time, we secured our liquidity, continued 
to push forward with future projects, and set the course for our 
long-term development. our financial results significantly 
exceeded expectations in 2020, due in particular to a strong 
fourth quarter. overall, we successfully steered Daimler 
through difficult waters. i would like to thank my colleagues for 
this – for their tireless commitment, their great flexibility, and 
their strong cohesion. 
in 2020, a total of 2.8 million customers chose to buy a vehicle 
from Daimler. our revenue amounted to 154.3 billion euros. 
eBit increased by 53 percent to 6.6 billion euros. our net 
liquidity in the industrial business was 17.9 billion euros at the 
end of the year. the bottom line was a net profit of 4 billion 
euros. At the Annual shareholders’ meeting, the Board of man-
agement and the supervisory Board will propose the payment 
of a dividend of one euro and 35 cents per share. 
how did the individual divisions contribute to these results?
Mercedes-Benz AG sold 2.5 million cars and vans in 2020. in 
view of the challenging environment, we are satisfied with that. 
mercedes-Benz maintained its position as the world’s leading 
premium manufacturer. our sustainable business strategy is 
increasingly reflected by our unit sales. We tripled the sales of 
our cars with alternative drive systems in 2020 and thus 
achieved the ambitious Co2 limits in europe. China continues 
to be our biggest market. With a twelve percent increase, we 
posted record unit sales there in 2020. the most important 
new product of the past year was the new s-Class. Demand for 
our flagship is at a high level. the new model drives off the 
assembly line in Factory 56. What has long been regarded as 
the production of the future is already a reality in this new 
 factory, which combines flexibility, efficiency, digitization and 
sustainability. it is a flagship of the newly defined strategy of 
mercedes-Benz. our aspiration: We will build the world’s most 
desirable cars. 
sales of our electric vans also developed positively. in europe, 
we are the market leader in the segments of mid-size and large 
electric vans, each with a market share of more than one third.
economic uncertainties are particularly noticeable in the 
 commercial-vehicle markets. Compared with record year 2019, 
unit sales at Daimler Truck AG were down by more than a 
quarter in 2020. however, demand in our important us market 
picked up again. We were able to extend our market leadership 
in almost all of our core markets. At the same time, we set 
some important strategic markers: We will produce mercedes-
Benz trucks in China in a few years’ time, enabling us to make 
even better use of that market’s great potential. We are work-
ing with volvo in a joint venture to bring hydrogen technology 
to production maturity even faster. And we have realigned our 
strategy for autonomous driving. 
the development of automotive markets also had an impact on 
the business of Daimler Mobility AG. Contract volume 
decreased, but we continue to finance or lease half of the 
 vehicles we sell. 
Across all our divisions, we made significant progress with 
 efficiency in 2020. We will continue along this path with the 
same discipline. the pandemic has once again made it clear 
that efficiency is a prerequisite for the ability to act effectively. 
looking ahead, we are pursuing two main strategic priorities: 
digitization and electrification. We are cooperating with strong 
partners in both fields. in this way, we are not only accelerating 
technological developments, we are also sharing the costs. 
in terms of digitization, the latest generation of our mBuX 
infotainment system was launched in 2020. it will be followed 
this year by the next milestone, the mBuX hyperscreen, a dis-
play that extends across almost the entire width of the cockpit. 
this allows us to combine design, technology and interaction in 
the vehicle in a way that is currently unique. thanks to artificial 
intelligence, the system gets to know the customer better and 
better and delivers a personalized infotainment offering adapted 
to each situation.
At the same time, we are developing one of the most intelligent 
computer architectures for automated driving functions ever 
seen in a vehicle. We will roll it out across our car fleet from 2024 
onwards. Customers will then always be able to access the 
 latest software, the latest driver assistance systems or the latest 
generation of digital services long after they have bought their 
car. the idea is that the purchase of a car is no longer the high 
point between the customer and us, but rather a starting point. 

--- Page 12 ---
12  A | TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS | letteR FRom the Ceo
We took the next step in electrification at the beginning of 
the year with the new eQA, the first all-electric mercedes-eQ 
model in the compact segment. We will continue in the spring 
with the eQs: our electric flagship in the s-Class segment  
has a range of around 700 kilometers (Wltp) on a single bat-
tery charge. the eQs will also change the way we think about 
cars. it is the first all-electric mercedes-Benz that we have 
developed as an electric car right from the start. this opens up 
new possibilities, in vehicle design, for example. Next year, 
our portfolio will include eight all-electric mercedes-eQ mod-
els. production at our own car plants will then be completely 
Co2-neutral. 
With the vans, we have developed a new platform for the next 
generation of the esprinter. this gives us maximum flexibility, 
to implement numerous body variants, for example. Because 
whether combustion engine or electric drive, the individual 
needs of our customers are at the heart of everything we do.
We are also systematically expanding our range of Co2-neutral 
options for trucks. We are pursuing a twin-track strategy here. 
series production of the battery-electric eActros starts this 
year. in parallel, we are developing fuel-cell trucks for long dis-
tances and heavier loads. We have provided a glimpse of the 
future with our gen h2 concept truck. this is a heavy-duty 
truck with a range of up to 1,000 kilometers, equivalent to that 
of a diesel truck. We are leveraging synergies and system-
atically implementing our electrification strategy also at the 
Freightliner and Fuso brands. 
All of these examples show that market environment and 
 customer requirements as well as approaches to technologies 
and partnerships differ between cars and trucks. the ongoing 
transformation is increasingly intensifying these differences. 
to shape change successfully, we need speed, agility and full 
focus on innovation more than ever. this is why we intend to 
propose to you, at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting in 
the fall, that a significant majority interest in Daimler truck be 
transferred to the Daimler shareholders by way of a spin-off. in 
this case, it is planned that the transaction and the stock-
exchange listing of Daimler truck will be completed by the end 
of 2021. 
in this way, we want to give our trucks and buses division full 
entrepreneurial freedom – and thus the opportunity to lever-
age economies of scale even more effectively, to further 
increase profitability, and to make even faster progress on the 
road to zero-emission goods transport. At the same time, we 
want to further sharpen the profile of mercedes-Benz: as one 
of the leading suppliers of luxury cars and premium vans, with 
a strong brand, and with a clear strategic course towards tech-
nology leadership, especially for electric mobility and vehicle 
software. With independence comes maximum customer 
focus and even greater entrepreneurial responsibility. these 
are the best possible ingredients for creating added value for 
you, the shareholders, and for unleashing the full potential of 
the companies. 
For the two companies, the future of mobility will be decarbon-
ization and digitization. We set the strategic course for this long 
ago. the results can be experienced on the road today and will 
become even more visible this year. At the same time, we are 
confident that, given stable conditions, we will be able to con-
tinue the positive trend from last year in our business develop-
ment. Because we are convinced that our future will be sus-
tainably fascinating, sustainably climate-neutral, and, last but 
not least, sustainably profitable. We are shaping this change 
with courage, passion and responsibility. i look forward to you 
continuing to accompany us on this path. 
sincerely yours, 
ola Källenius
 
