
--- Page 20 ---
income, as adjusted, each by 3% in 2015, despite more 
than $150 billion of negative foreign exchange impact and 
market depreciation on our assets under management. 
We generated industry-leading organic asset growth 
of 4% through $152 billion of long-term net inflows, 
maintained a stable operating margin, as adjusted, at  
42.9% while continuing to invest in our business 
in a challenging market environment and returned 
approximately $2.6 billion of capital to our shareholders, 
representing a total payout ratio of 77%. 
While our long-term value-creation 
framework has remained consistent 
over the past several years,  
we are constantly evaluating the 
ecosystem in which we operate  
to identify areas that might require 
us to pivot our strategy.  
Organic growth was the result of global client demand 
for both active and index solutions across asset 
classes and across regions.
We saw $61 billion of net inflows in active and $92 billion 
in index & iShares. 
We constantly strive to improve our active performance 
and, in 2015, we continued to invest in our team and 
capabilities to build the industry’s most durable alpha-
generating franchise. 
Flows into active products in 2015 were driven by the 
strength of our active performance. At year end, 91% of 
our active taxable fixed income assets and 90% of our 
scientific active equity assets were above benchmark or 
peer median for the three-year period. Our fundamental 
active equity business benefited from our efforts to 
reinvigorate and globalize the team, generating strong 
returns for our clients, with 76% of assets above 
benchmark or peer median for the one-year period.
We raised $39 billion of net inflows in Retail, $130 billion 
in iShares and $27 billion in Institutional Active, offset  
by $43 billion in low-fee Institutional Index outflows. 
In Retail, we manage more than $540 billion on behalf  
of clients and have significant room to increase 
our share of global distribution. We are enhancing 
distribution by harnessing our technological 
advantages, building on existing strength with 
integrated wealth management firms and leveraging 
our differentiated platform to increase our presence 
in the fast-growing Registered Investment Advisor 
channel. We continually evolve our product set to 
ensure we have both the active and index strategies  
our clients need to achieve desired outcomes, and  
we continue to invest in the BlackRock brand. 
As ETF adoption spreads, we are forecasting global ETF  
assets to double to $6 trillion over the next five years. 
Growth in iShares will be driven by the growth of the 
overall market — via new product uses and deeper and 
broader adoption across client segments. 
Across our Institutional Client base, we remain focused 
on further deepening relationships, and 53% of our  
largest institutional clients now have five or more products 
with BlackRock. Using strategies across our diverse 
platform, we create multi-asset, hybrid solutions  
to solve our clients’ most complex investment needs. 
We leverage the analytical capabilities of Aladdin, 
our proprietary risk management and operational 
platform, as well as the advisory capabilities of our 
Client Solutions and Financial Markets Advisory teams 
to provide the guidance our clients need to achieve 
their long-term objectives. 
Across client types, we generated $53 billion of net 
inflows in equity, $77 billion in fixed income, $17 billion 
in multi-asset and $5 billion in alternatives.
And the global and diverse nature of our platform is 
resonating with clients, as we achieved net inflows  
in excess of $1 billion in each of 13 countries, and a record 
65 Retail and iShares funds each generated more than 
$1 billion of net inflows for the year. 
BlackRock’s diverse platform enables us to generate 
stable cash flow through market cycles, which 
positions us to invest for the long term. If we continue to 
distinguish ourselves from our competitors — especially 
in terms of organic growth — and strike an appropriate 
balance between investing for future growth and 
practical discretionary expense management, we will 
continue to deliver value for our shareholders. 
ADDRESSING CHANGES IN THE INVESTMENT 
L ANDSCAPE: IMPACT ON OUR CLIENTS AND  
OUR BUSINESS 
BlackRock’s ability to create value for shareholders 
depends on our ability to understand, anticipate and 
adapt ahead of changes to the ecosystem in which  
we operate. 
Markets have struggled to digest the dramatic shift 
in the cost of energy over the past 18 months. 
Producers, exporters, equipment suppliers and other 
sector participants have suffered, but we have yet  
to see a noticeable uptick in spending as consumers 
pay less at the pump. Markets are also weighed down 
by oil-producing nations selling securities to meet 
liquidity needs. 
In China, the waning construction boom has left a lasting 
impact on real estate values and bank balance sheets, 
raising questions on how the country will fuel future 
growth. Sell-offs in the Chinese markets and inconsistent 
policy responses have heightened investor frustration 
and uncertainty and threatened global growth.
18
