
--- Page 6 ---
My Fellow Shareholders
April 2011
This past year, the world continued to recover from the financial crisis and adapt to the 
changing dynamics among developed and emerging markets. Equity and bond markets 
extended their rally, but were highly volatile in the face of ongoing sovereign debt concerns, 
dissension over fiscal, monetary and foreign exchange policies, and uncertain and uneven 
growth prospects. While excess supply continued to plague the U.S. housing market, home 
prices in China soared amid worries of new asset bubbles in the fast growing emerging 
markets. Demand for commodities remained robust and gold appreciated sharply, enjoying 
its renewed status as a preferred store of wealth. Although investors took tentative steps to 
re-risk their portfolios with allocations to bonds, index equities and emerging markets, bank 
deposits and cash balances remained exceptionally high. 
As always, navigating these markets as a fiduciary 
the year. Our objectives in this regard were clear, 
for our clients was BlackRock’s first priority. For the 
though not simple: ensure continuity of investment 
most part, we succeeded: 70% of our active assets 
focus and strengthen teams where necessary, com-
under management (“AUM”) outperformed their 
municate frequently with clients and work with them 
benchmarks or peer medians last year, delivering 
to resolve manager concentration issues, and bring 
positive alpha to our clients, and over 97% of our 
our organization together into a more powerful, 
index AUM achieved tracking errors within estab-
unified whole. 
lished tolerances consistent with the market beta 
investors expected. Investment performance is, and 
During the year, we worked together to define our 
always will be, the most important barometer of our 
core values and mission, the foundation upon which 
success, the essential ingredient in building endur-
to build a robust culture. We modified our governance 
ing client relationships and, as a consequence, 
model to streamline our efforts and more broadly 
shareholder value. 
engage and empower our talented professionals. We 
made steady progress implementing our global oper-
Our financial results were equally strong in 2010, 
ating platform, which underpins connectivity and the 
as we captured the early benefits of the BGI 
integrity and efficiency of our operating processes. 
Transaction. Revenue increased 83% to $8.6 billion, 
Thanks to the hard work of many employees, much of 
aided in part by performance fees of $540 million, 
our integration work is behind us. 
a sharp increase from 2009, though still well below 
pre-crisis levels. Strong financial discipline enabled 
Our message to employees is to embrace change 
us to double adjusted operating income to $3.2 
as an agent for reinvention and renewal. That theme 
billion and increase adjusted operating margin by 
is equally fitting for the financial services industry, 
more than 2 percentage points to 39%. Earnings 
which needs to embrace change as a way to restore 
per share, as adjusted rose 53% to $10.94. Net new 
trust and to adapt to a new world order featuring 
business in long-term products was $131.2 billion, 
greater balance between developed and emerging 
helping to fuel an increase in AUM to $3.561 trillion 
markets. The adjustments may be wrenching, but 
at year-end. Demand remained strong for BlackRock 
they are unavoidable. As H.G. Wells said, “adapt or 
Solutions, as crisis engagements gave way to longer-
perish.” With technology hastening change, that 
term mandates and higher quality earnings.
imperative takes on even greater urgency. Who, for 
I am especially proud of our 2010 results given the 
the Middle East texting and tweeting their way to 
significant focus on the BGI integration throughout 
uprisings and democratization? 
example, could have imagined populations across 
4   S H A R E H O L D E R   L E T T E R

--- Page 7 ---
As we become more interconnected globally, we 
circumstances. Very few clients use only one of our 
should expect the pace of change to be faster, the 
offerings, and an increasing number seek to work 
impact to be more widespread, and the potential 
with us as a strategic partner. That means differ-
to be exhilarating. Many emerging markets have 
ent things to different clients, as highlighted in the 
emerged. Middle classes are burgeoning; standards 
examples below:
of living are increasing. There are whole new popula-
tions of consumers and savers to serve. They are 
>> For LPL Financial, a leading U.S. independent 
driving economic growth at home and abroad (and 
broker dealer, partnership means developing an 
financing developed markets). They are growing 
integrated solution for LPL Financial advisors which 
the global pie. This is not a zero sum game. It is, in 
leverages BlackRock’s expertise across asset 
my opinion, a cause for great optimism. It is also 
allocation, ETFs and mutual funds, combining both 
a warning shot: global perspective is absolutely 
active and passive investments for their clients.
critical no matter where you are doing business and 
where you are investing. 
>> For the Australian Government Future Fund, it 
means having our BlackRock Alternative Advisors 
The implications of globalization are widespread. 
team build an opportunistic portfolio of funds 
Consider, for example, Prada’s recent decision to do 
to complement Future Fund’s direct hedge fund 
their IPO on the Hong Kong stock exchange rather 
program and provide advisory services on niche 
than in their home market, following L’Occitane 
segments of the industry. 
and a growing number of international companies. 
Similarly, the dim sum (offshore yuan-denominated) 
>> For Banca Fideuram, Italy’s leading financial advi-
bond market is gradually expanding, with non-Chi-
sors network, it means making our product range 
nese issuers like McDonald’s and Caterpillar coming 
available on their platform, sub-advising investment 
to market in 2010. These firms recognized the need 
solutions to BlackRock and working with us to 
to build on their global brands, to be close to their 
import and translate value-added tools to help their 
fastest growing markets and, in the words of Prada 
financial advisors better serve their clients. 
CEO, Patrizio Bertelli, to “seize the best opportuni-
ties offered by the international capital markets.”1 
>> For The Equitable Life Assurance Society, it means 
Investors must do the same.
developing a comprehensive investment and risk 
management program to maximize returns for policy-
Every day, we work with clients to address these 
holders while meeting regulatory solvency ratios. 
and other investment challenges and capture invest-
ment opportunities for them. That work is not one 
>> Across the Aladdin® client community, which 
area of focus for us, it is our only focus and occupies 
crossed 40 organizations in 2010, it means leading 
all of our efforts every day. Let me share with you 
the industry in preparing for regulatory reform. 
some of the specific ways we are working to bring 
Aladdin was enhanced to support the new U.S. 
BlackRock’s best thinking and our full capabilities to 
money market reporting requirements and a deriva-
bear for our clients. 
tives central clearing workflow. 
Among the most talked-about challenges is persis-
>> For Delta Air Lines, it means implementing the 
tent low rates. Yet, many investors remain over-
default target date fund option in their defined 
invested in cash and deposits earning near zero. 
contribution plan, including coordinating mapping of 
That is not sustainable if you need to meet earnings 
assets, supporting communications with partici-
targets, satisfy liabilities or provide for the future. 
pants, and providing world class investment options 
Clients are employing a variety of approaches to 
for the long-term benefit of their employees. 
meet these challenges, but there is no magic bullet. 
We bring a unique set of products and services to 
>> As an advisor to the Central Bank of Ireland in 
the task, spanning alpha (active) and beta (index) 
support of its Financial Measure Programme, it 
strategies, as well as our BlackRock Solutions risk 
means performing a risk assessment of the six 
management offerings. We can offer them individu-
largest banks in Ireland having total loan books in 
ally or in combinations tailored to clients’ specific 
excess of €300 billion, helping our client fulfill its 
1 Passariello, Chrisine and Alison Tudor. (2011, January 27) Prada to List on Hong Kong Exchange. Wall Street Journal. Accessed March 25, 2011, 
from http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703399204576108183221548792.html
5   S H A R E H O L D E R   L E T T E R

--- Page 8 ---
reporting obligations to the European Commission, 
reallocation of their portfolios. For example, last year 
the European Central Bank and the International 
we helped ExxonMobil undertake a major realloca-
Monetary Fund. 
tion to achieve greater consistency across plans and 
improve diversification. The new passive strategy 
>> For Registered Investment Advisors, it means 
shifted their portfolio from a developed market index 
partnering with firms like Sage Advisory Services, 
with less than 1,500 securities to a broad global 
which runs tactical all-ETF portfolios, to help Sage 
index with over 8,500 securities in 45 countries. The 
gain new clients and broaden its distribution in both 
transition involved $18 billion of transactions across 
the 401(k) and independent broker-dealer channels. 
twelve plans in eleven countries. We achieved seam-
less execution through close coordination with the 
>> For SPMS, the $7.7 billion Dutch Medical 
client, careful risk management and liquidity sourcing 
Specialists pension plan, being a strategic part-
that saved the client considerable transaction cost.
ner means assuming a wide range of investment 
responsibilities, allowing the client to focus more on 
The savings achieved for ExxonMobil were made 
the scheme’s strategic priorities. BlackRock advises 
possible partly by using our global trading platform, 
on overall plan risk and on ways to realign fund 
an internal crossing system that we are in the 
investments to overall strategic objectives. We also 
process of expanding to enhance our execution 
oversee the manager structure, report on a range of 
efficiency. In addition, we have built a fixed income 
fund risks and performance, and are responsible for 
capital markets desk to work directly with issuers on 
implementing overlays, cash flow management and 
the structure of new bond offerings, enabling us to 
rebalancing. We deploy our global investment and 
source better securities for our portfolios. This year, 
liability capabilities on behalf of SPMS and deliver 
we are launching the BlackRock Investment Institute 
our services through a dedicated SPMS client team 
to facilitate information and idea sharing among 
based in the Netherlands working alongside our 
our portfolio managers and other experts, fostering 
London fiduciary management team. 
debate that can lead to better investment decisions. 
These are just three of the ways in which we are 
Frequently, clients turn to BlackRock to adopt 
working behind the scenes to leverage our scale and 
a more global approach to their portfolios. For 
capabilities to achieve better results for our clients.
investors seeking to achieve specific exposures, 
we offer a range of regional and country products 
Our government relations work has been another 
that are ideal building blocks for their portfolios. 
differentiator. Historically, banks have lobbied 
Our Global Allocation and Global Ascent funds are 
extensively to influence laws affecting their lever-
examples of strategies where we allocate across 
age ratios, capital standards and business activi-
geographies and asset classes to access the best 
ties. Given the very different business model of a 
investment opportunities for clients. We also work 
fiduciary, asset managers have had no need for 
with clients to evaluate and implement strategic 
such lobbying activities. As a fiduciary, though, we 
6   S H A R E H O L D E R   L E T T E R

--- Page 9 ---
felt it was our responsibility to represent our clients’ 
program of fiscal austerity that could sacrifice near-
interests in the debate about the post-crisis reshap-
term GDP growth in order to achieve a balanced 
ing of the financial system. In 2009, therefore, we 
budget by 2015. The U.S. is effectively pursuing 
launched a government relations effort to educate 
a hybrid approach: the federal government has 
policymakers on market dynamics and the needs 
provided fiscal and monetary stimulus to promote 
of investors as they considered sweeping financial 
jobs and economic growth, while the states adopt 
reform. The team has had many meetings, submit-
austerity measures to balance their budgets (since, 
ted numerous letters and consultations, and pre-
like euro zone members, they cannot print money). 
pared special reports for our clients on a wide range 
A number of states have already pushed through 
of topics, including Dodd-Frank, Basel III, derivatives 
bold measures amid protests and lawsuits. This is 
clearing, MiFID, money market fund reform, the 
democracy at work — messy to be sure, but the best 
flash crash and SIFI designation criteria. Our goal 
system we have for driving the evolution, or revolu-
is to ensure that unintended consequences and 
tion, needed to survive and thrive.
operational practicalities are carefully considered 
before our clients’ ability to execute their invest-
That same messy process makes the result of 
ment strategies is impaired. 
revolts in the Middle East, and attempts at democ-
ratization, volatile and uncertain. It is too early to 
The extent and pace of regulatory change, linger-
predict the outcome, though the risk of an oil shock 
ing effects of the financial crisis, and more recent 
cannot be ignored. At the same time, imbalances 
events all spell continuing uncertainty for markets. 
in the standard of living in China have spurred 
Debtor nations in the euro zone are facing tremen-
demands for higher wages. China’s government has 
dous political and social upheaval as they struggle 
done a magnificent job of engineering the economy, 
to deal with the extensive fiscal adjustments 
but the challenges will intensify as the country 
required in the absence of a currency devaluation 
develops a presence on the global stage commensu-
option. Even with the considerable help of their 
rate with its economic power. In particular, I would 
stronger neighbors, it is far from certain that debt 
expect continued pressure to let its currency trade 
restructuring can be avoided. Rather, the European 
more freely, to open its markets to increased par-
Financial Stability Fund and its successor, the 
ticipation and competition, and to build its capital 
European Stability Mechanism, buy some time to 
markets. These steps will be necessary if the central 
cushion the impact at banks that hold substantial 
government is to establish the yuan as a reserve 
sovereign debt positions, all of which had been 
currency over time.
given preferential risk weightings under both Basel 
rules and the EU’s stress tests. 
The recent events in Japan inspire both concern 
and respect. The world’s largest creditor nation 
On the other side of the Channel, David Cameron’s 
has already suffered a “lost decade” of economic 
coalition government in the U.K. has proposed a 
malaise and is grappling with a rapidly increasing 
7   S H A R E H O L D E R   L E T T E R

--- Page 10 ---
“
We believe that investors will be best served 
by combining efficient market exposures 
(beta) with opportunities to enhance returns 
(alpha) and by employing dynamic risk 
management processes.
”
dependency ratio. Now they face the daunting 
is a global activity requiring insight into the world’s 
task of rebuilding, which will most certainly impact 
capital markets, economies and regulations. We 
insurance companies globally, may have negative 
believe fervently in the merits of our business model 
repercussions for global supply chains, and could 
as an independent, globally integrated fiduciary, as 
put pressure on markets to the extent that the 
well as the importance of information sharing and 
government sells their foreign reserves to finance 
the power of connectivity and collaboration to make 
reconstruction. I would be remiss not to commend 
more informed investment decisions, to develop 
our team in Japan, who distinguished themselves 
more innovative products, and to provide thought-
and BlackRock throughout the tragedy. I also would 
ful, independent advice to our clients. 
like to welcome Mizuho Financial Group as a share-
holder and business partner in Japan and Asia.
Lots of firms claim to be global, but few try to 
achieve global connectedness, and even fewer do 
I look forward with great enthusiasm. I have never 
so for the sole purpose of serving their clients. That 
been prouder of our team or more excited by the 
connectivity is at the core of who we are, and we 
potential of our platform. Over the past five years, 
think makes us the most differentiated financial 
we did two major mergers and endured a financial 
services firm in the world. To sustain and build upon 
crisis of epic proportions. We were driven by a vision 
that position, we must be a fertile home for manu-
of what we believed would be needed to best serve 
facturing of alpha and beta, and expand our manu-
clients as a fiduciary in a rapidly changing global 
facturing footprint. We also need to build our brand 
landscape. Unlike Warren Buffett, my elephant 
globally, as demographics and trends in retirement 
gun is not loaded — we are not looking to do any 
savings necessitate increased name recognition 
significant transactions. We are happily focused 
among retail investors worldwide. 
on running our business — executing for our clients 
and our shareholders by refining and continuously 
Most importantly, we must invest in our people. We 
improving our business practices, raising the bar on 
are committed to raising the bar and to ensuring 
our operations and our people, and fostering global 
that we have a deep bench for succession in each 
content and connectivity.
of our teams. We drew upon the depth of our bench 
when, for example, Evy Hambro and Robin Batchelor 
We have assembled a range of capabilities unlike 
assumed leadership of the Natural Resources team, 
any other asset manager anywhere in the world. 
Rick Rieder was named global CIO of Fundamental 
And we have done so intentionally. We believe 
Fixed Income, Ken Kroner took charge of Scientific 
that investors will be best served by combining 
Active Equities, Chip Castille was appointed head of 
efficient market exposures (beta) with opportuni-
our Defined Contribution platform in the U.S. and 
ties to enhance returns (alpha) and by employing 
Canada, and Charles Prideaux was asked to lead the 
dynamic risk management processes. We believe 
EMEA Institutional effort in our Global Client Group. 
that investing, whether in home markets or abroad, 
At the same time, we have been able to attract 
8   S H A R E H O L D E R   L E T T E R

--- Page 11 ---
world-class talent, such as Nancy Everett, head of 
employees chose to leave, but the vast majority 
U.S. Fiduciary Management Services, Chris Leavy, 
chose to stay and many more joined the firm. We 
CIO of U.S. Fundamental Equities, Edwin Conway, 
entered 2011 energized and focused on doing our 
head of U.S. and Canada Institutional in our Global 
jobs: delivering alpha in active products, achieving 
Client Group, Tom Garside, head of BlackRock 
low tracking error in passive strategies, being good 
Solutions in EMEA, Lee Kempler, Executive Director 
listeners so we can help our clients think about the 
of the BlackRock Investment Institute, and Jim 
markets and how to meet their investment objec-
Barry, CIO of our renewable power investment team.
tives, and being good partners to each other. 
During 2010, we completed a secondary offering of 
I feel very fortunate to work with an incredibly 
58.7 million shares of common stock, raising gross 
talented team, over 9,000 strong in 25 countries 
proceeds of $9.6 billion for Bank of America and 
around the world. They continue to make me proud 
The PNC Financial Services Group and reducing 
and to inspire me. Thank you all. I also have the 
their stakes to 7% and 20%, respectively. Both banks 
great fortune to be able to tap into the wisdom of an 
remain valued partners of BlackRock and active 
exceptionally strong, engaged Board of Directors. I 
participants on our Board. We were very gratified 
rely on their guidance and am enormously grateful 
by the warm reception we received from investors: 
for their devotion to our Company. Finally, I would 
the book was 1.8 times oversubscribed, with 48 
like to thank our clients for believing in BlackRock 
existing and 164 new institutional investors coming 
and entrusting us with their investments. Our goal 
into the deal. The offering increased our public float 
is to meet your goals. It’s that simple. Thank you for 
to over 50%, which led to BlackRock being added to 
giving us the opportunity to do so. 
the S&P 500* index on April 1, 2011. Going forward, 
we expect to generate substantial free cash flow, 
Sincerely,
which will give us the flexibility to consider returning 
more capital to shareholders. In February 2011, we 
announced a 37.5% increase to our dividend.
Bringing two firms together is a huge undertak-
ing. It requires tremendous planning and tireless 
Laurence D. Fink
contributions from every employee, not to mention 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
patience and a sense of humor. We took people out 
of their comfort zones with new roles and routines. 
We collectively embraced a culture of performance 
and accountability. It wasn’t for everybody — some 
*See Important Notes on page 140.
9   S H A R E H O L D E R   L E T T E R
