
--- Page 15 ---
MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
When I was growing up in 
Los Angeles in the 1960s, 
I spent a lot of time outdoors 
near our house, riding my 
bike and catching snakes by 
Bull Creek. My universe was 
small — school, the creek, my 
father’s shoe store — and not 
just because I was 12 years 
old. By almost any measure, 
the world itself was far less 
complex and interconnected.
At that time, aspects of connectivity that we take for 
granted today were either exorbitantly expensive 
or in their infancy. A five-minute call from New York 
to London cost more than $20 in today’s money.(1)
Shipping containers, now a pillar of global trade, 
were barely a decade old. Computers were the size 
of an entire room — they didn’t sit in the palm of your 
hand and they certainly didn’t have conversations 
with you.
Over the next several decades, technological 
innovation and globalization transformed the world 
into a more connected, more demanding, and — 
for hundreds of millions of people — a healthier and 
more prosperous place. The combination of these two 
forces has created opportunities we could barely have 
imagined 50 years ago. Such change is an essential 
component of human history and the most successful 
nations moving forward will be those that prepare 
for transformation by improving education, supporting 
innovation and building 21st century infrastructure.
Yet the very same forces that have created 
unprecedented opportunity also have 
accentuated wealth gaps, as new opportunities 
flow disproportionately to educated, urban 
workers, leaving those without sufficient education, 
or who are otherwise isolated from the global 
economy, further behind.
The result, despite a half century of accelerating 
connectivity and innovation, is a growing sense of 
frustration and futility. Many have become deeply 
suspicious about the benefits of the global economy 
and concerned about the disruption caused by 
technology. Economic nationalism is rising, with 
profound implications for the financial, political 
and security frameworks that have defined the 
world for the past several decades.
Against this backdrop, the investors that BlackRock 
serves — from global institutions to millions of 
individuals — are facing a more challenging 
environment than ever before. And insufficient 
attention has been paid to how the past few 
decades have affected investors’ ability to save 
for their futures.
Through a combination of underfunding, 
underinvestment and stubbornly low interest rates, 
pension funds face widening liability gaps, and 
many retirees are ill prepared for the future. Too 
many companies and governments have prioritized 
short-term profits over investments in capital goods, 
infrastructure, and sensible retirement systems, 
threatening long-term value creation and economic 
prosperity.
The combination of global growth and medical 
advancements, driven by the free exchange of 
intellectual and financial capital across borders, 
has increased longevity dramatically in many parts 
of the world. Yet living longer also means working 
13

--- Page 16 ---
longer — and paying for additional years of retirement. 
This dilemma is an underappreciated driver of 
popular anxiety: workers lack the retirement security 
to support their longer lives, compounding the 
angst they feel about their employment prospects 
and the path of economic development.
I believe that we are in a difficult but important period 
of transition — one that also presents a significant 
opportunity for BlackRock. Throughout our history — 
from the creation of Aladdin®, to the growth of our 
index platform, to our recent initiatives in retail 
technology — we have sought to serve our clients by 
anticipating change, understanding it and, most of 
all, driving it. Today, as a fiduciary for our clients, we 
must help them refocus on long-term investment 
outcomes and transform the use of technology in asset 
management to help them achieve those outcomes. 
As we have done since our founding, BlackRock is 
working to transform change into opportunity — the 
theme of this year’s Annual Report — to serve our clients 
and build value for our shareholders.
Delivering Results in a 
Challenging Environment
2016 was a turbulent year for investors, institutions 
and individuals alike. No one fully predicted the year’s 
events. Global political developments including 
Brexit, the U.S. presidential election and the Italian 
Constitutional referendum have forced many of 
our clients — and also our firm — to rethink certain 
assumptions and perceptions about the world.
At the same time, the global economy began to show 
signs of improvement throughout 2016. The U.S. equity 
market surged to all-time highs as expectations for 
fiscal stimulus, reflation, and tax and regulatory reform 
sparked investor enthusiasm. The Fed’s decision to 
raise rates in December, and again in March, suggest 
that the long period of accommodative monetary 
policy in the U.S. may finally subside at a faster rate 
than many had anticipated.
However, uncertainty regarding the effects of populism 
on the global status quo persists. Despite the rally in 
U.S. equities since the U.S. election, not all investments 
have performed as well, including fixed income and 
many international equity markets. And following a 
period of significant appreciation, the dollar will likely 
remain strong, creating further headwinds for investors 
with global portfolios.
In today’s rapidly evolving environment, investors 
are looking to BlackRock more than ever before, and 
the responsibility that we feel for our clients has never 
been greater.
OUR 2016 RESULTS REFLECT 
THE BENEFITS OF THE DEEPER 
RELATIONSHIPS THAT WE HAVE 
BUILT WORLDWIDE, AS WELL AS THE 
INVESTMENTS WE HAVE MADE IN KEY 
AREAS OF OUR BUSINESS OVER TIME.
Despite volatile markets, BlackRock’s base fees and 
revenue from Aladdin reached record levels in 2016. 
While total revenue decreased year-over-year as we 
experienced a decline in performance fees; continued 
expense discipline, record net new business and the 
prioritization of strategic investment initiatives enabled 
BlackRock to deliver flat year-over-year, as-adjusted 
operating income.
In 2016, we generated $202 billion of net inflows, 
the strongest annual flows in BlackRock’s history, 
representing 4% organic asset growth. Our organic 
growth reflects the impact and strength of the strategic 
investments we’ve made to enhance our platform to 
better serve our clients.
In iShares®, we saw a record $140 billion of net inflows, 
and we continue to invest in the future of ETFs by 
building the market, anticipating changes in demand 
and launching innovative new products, helping clients 
to build portfolios with ETF building blocks.
We continued to fortify our relationships with clients 
globally, capturing more than $1 billion of net inflows in 
each of 15 different countries.
And we saw particular strength in areas where we have 
been expanding our platform, like factor-based and 
infrastructure investment strategies.
At the end of 2016, clients trusted BlackRock to manage 
more than $5.1 trillion of assets on their behalf. Those 
assets represent our clients’ futures and the investment 
outcomes they seek, and it is our daily responsibility to 
help them better prepare themselves and their families 
to achieve their financial goals.
Meeting the Challenge 
of Longevity
One of the greatest financial challenges faced by our 
clients today — longevity — is another product of the 
advancements in science, technology and healthcare 
over the past 50 years. In most developed markets, 
half of the children who are 10 years old today will live 
past the age of 100.(2) In Japan, which is at the leading 
edge of this demographic wave, there are expected to 
be more than 400,000 centenarians by 2050, compared 
to just 65,000 today.(3)
14

--- Page 17 ---
Increased longevity has significant economic benefits, 
as aging populations will drive continued economic 
growth and innovation. In the U.S., the share of new 
ventures founded by people aged 45–64 increased 
from 38% in the mid-1990’s to 50% of all new ventures 
in the country just 15 years later.(4) The spending power 
of global consumers aged 60 and above is expected to 
be $15 trillion by 2020,(5) and it will continue to increase 
as people remain in the workforce past traditional 
retirement age.
Companies should see their responsibility not just 
in administrative terms — a list of available funds 
and a monthly matching contribution — but rather 
as a partnership with employees that builds long-
term financial security. This means improving 
financial literacy and awareness; making sure that 
plan offerings and technology interfaces are focused 
on outcomes; and leveraging vital, proven tools like 
auto-enrollment and auto-escalation that lay a strong 
foundation for the future.
For most individuals, however, an extended career 
is an unanticipated consequence of retirement 
insecurity. Workers are facing pressure not only from 
automation and the reshaping of the labor market, 
but also from changes in retirement systems, which 
have increasingly moved from traditional pensions to 
defined contribution plans. This has diminished the 
capacity for risk-sharing, as traditional defined benefit 
plans that pooled risk-taking on behalf of employees 
helped protect those whose longevity exceeded 
expectations. Perhaps even more importantly, this 
has shifted the responsibility for saving for the future 
from the employer to the individual.
The transformation of our retirement system, however, 
has not been coupled with the education or the tools 
that savers need to succeed.
AS WE RETHINK RETIREMENT PLANS 
AROUND THE GLOBE IN LIGHT OF 
INCREASED LONGEVITY, WE SHOULD 
SEIZE THE OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE A 
MORE LONG-TERM APPROACH.
This is an area where employers, governments and 
asset managers all have a critical role to play, and 
one where asset managers, among others, have 
historically done a poor job in helping individuals 
access the education they need to navigate the 
investment process.
We must also consider the vast number of employees 
not covered by traditional workplace plans. In the 
U.S., for example, nearly 35% of private sector workers 
have no access to a retirement savings plan,(6) and 
this number will continue to grow as more and more 
workers transition to independently contracted 
jobs, such as rideshare driving. Smaller employers 
and startups that rely on independent contractors 
should embrace creative policy that allows for 
pooling of retirement plans across these workers, 
allowing a far greater number of workers to achieve 
a secure retirement.
Additionally, we need to counter the popular view that 
investing is all about “the trade” — about anticipating 
the next market move and making short-term money 
in a few months or quarters. Individuals end up trying 
to time the market, entering at market peaks and then 
selling when they should be buying. At a conference 
earlier this year, I saw a chart showing the correlation 
between the S&P 500 Index and the University of 
Michigan’s Consumer Sentiment index.(7) The image 
was eye-popping. The two indices moved in lock-step 
with one another: when the market was at its depths, 
consumer sentiment was just as low — and when the 
market was at its highest, consumer sentiment tracked 
to its peak, illustrating the short-term and pro-cyclical 
thought-process that so many individuals have around 
the markets.
This idea of fast, easy money is stoked by the media, 
who, in a competition for viewers and page views, 
This avalanche of information tends to 
obscure the true purpose of investing: 
saving for the future. Investing is the 
process of trusting in a company, an 
industry, or a region, and giving your 
money time to produce results. And 
that process works best with patience, 
sobriety and a long-term view.
100
90
80
70
60
50
Consumer Confidence vs. S&P 500
2,400
2,000
1,600
1,200
800
400
2007
2009
2011
2013
2015
2017
University of Michigan: Consumer Sentiment Index
S&P 500 Index
15

--- Page 18 ---
describe routine occurrences as either a cataclysm or 
a seam of gold. These breathless headlines are pushed 
out in a continuous stream to our always-on devices, 
generating a great deal more anxiety than insight — 
particularly for individual investors.
Infrastructure Investment: 
An Essential Foundation for 
Long-Term Success
Inadequate focus on the long-term also hinders 
another significant component of economic 
growth and investor returns, particularly in the U.S.: 
investments in infrastructure. McKinsey estimates 
global infrastructure investment needs to increase by 
$800 billion a year through 2030 to support expected 
rates of growth,(8) and the American Society of Civil 
Engineers has assessed that the U.S. itself is $2 trillion 
short in funding infrastructure through 2025.(9) The 
Trump administration has proposed $1 trillion in 
infrastructure financing, but there are several obstacles 
that must be overcome to achieve this goal.
The infrastructure gap in the U.S. is, in part, a legacy 
of the strong municipal finance system that helped 
build America’s infrastructure in the middle of the 
20th century. As a result of the success of that model, 
the U.S. never developed a healthy market for private 
infrastructure investment. Today, however, state and 
local governments are incapable of meeting the 
massive need for infrastructure reinvestment, in large 
part because of the retirement crisis they are grappling 
with. The median state pension fund, after years of low 
returns and inadequate contributions, is less than 75% 
funded.(10) Making up these shortfalls will leave few 
resources at the state and local level for infrastructure. 
Budget pressures at the federal level also leave little 
room for Washington to fill the gap.
That is why private capital is desperately needed. For 
example, a new form of federally subsidized bonds 
could help finance the deferred maintenance required 
16
simply to maintain the status quo. But fixing crumbling 
roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be 
focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing 
it. We need to build cities for the 21st Century — for 
example, improving broadband access; updating 
transportation infrastructure to consider shared, 
electric and hydrogen-powered vehicles; and even 
rethinking housing to accommodate an increasingly 
long-lived population.
Infrastructure investments offer multiple benefits: 
providing new sources of return for investors; 
creating jobs, including jobs for workers displaced by 
technology; improving productivity; and increasing 
capacity for long-term economic growth. And, there 
is an enormous amount of private capital — and 
appetite — from institutional investors available to 
fund infrastructure projects. How do we unlock that 
capital? First, substantial expertise must be dedicated 
to bring projects to market in a format appropriate for 
institutional investment. More fundamentally, these 
projects must deliver competitive returns and that will 
often require efficiencies that can only be achieved 
through private ownership.
This is an area where America lags the rest of the 
world today. Fly into London, Zurich, or Sydney and 
you land at a privately owned airport. In the U.S., 
by contrast, virtually every major airport is owned by 
a government entity. To unlock the capital America 
needs for infrastructure, U.S. policy makers, workers 
and unions must work together to find a model that 
will allow private enterprise to generate the long-term 
returns necessary to attract capital and build a more 
prosperous future.
At BlackRock, we have built our infrastructure and 
broader real assets platform, both organically and 
inorganically, over the last few years to help meet this 
demand — most recently, acquiring First Reserve’s 
Energy Infrastructure Funds and its world-class team. 
Today, we manage $30 billion in real assets AUM, and 
we expect this to be a continued area of growth in 
the future.

--- Page 19 ---
The Role of the “Outcomes” 
Mindset in BlackRock’s Strategy
BlackRock has been at the forefront of the shift 
from an industry obsessed with products to one that 
is increasingly focused on portfolios. We engage 
extensively with clients to understand what they are 
trying to achieve, seeking a clearer picture of their 
needs. Then we turn to our broad, diverse platform 
to bring the right combination of strategies to bear to 
meet their specific goals.
AT BLACKROCK, ASSET MANAGEMENT 
IS OUTCOME MANAGEMENT.
This process is very different from the traditional 
approach of the asset management industry, where a 
manager is looking to sell a specific product, like a large 
cap active equity or investment grade fixed income 
fund designed to outperform a particular index. At 
BlackRock, our goal is not just to sell products, our goal 
is to holistically serve our clients. Every engagement 
with a client starts with a conversation. Our clients 
increasingly seek our advice and partnership in helping 
them meet a broader investment objective or solve 
a specific financial need, while considering their own 
individual requirements and constraints.
These discussions are wide-ranging — some about 
defeasing an actuarial liability for institutional clients, 
others about building a portfolio that aligns with a 
client’s social values, or figuring out the best way to 
pay for a child’s education. Clients know the outcomes 
they want, and it is our job to help them get there.
As part of this practice, we’ve invested in our 
platform over time to enable more robust, meaningful 
conversations with clients about investment outcomes. 
We have created a platform that is more than a 
collection of individual products — it’s a construction 
and delivery mechanism leveraging Aladdin to achieve 
comprehensive client solutions.
In order to make this shift, we had to anticipate 
and stay ahead of major trends that are reshaping 
the industry: a shift toward index and the growing 
adoption of ETFs; the evolution of the regulatory 
environment prompting a much greater focus on fees 
and transparency; the migration of wealth managers 
toward asset allocation and portfolio construction; 
the impact of longevity and fundamental change in 
global retirement systems; and rapid technological 
advancement and digitalization. These trends are 
structural, not cyclical, and will define the way that 
clients access the asset management ecosystem in 
the future.
In 2016, we globalized our fixed income platform, 
unified our active equity platform and integrated 
our beta platform, all in order to leverage the full 
potential of our global investment scale. The resultant 
connectivity will help investment professionals share 
perspectives, opinions and experiences across 
the globe and develop a more efficient and powerful 
investment platform.
An important part of that connectivity is the 
BlackRock Investment Institute (“BII”). BII links the 
firm’s investors to facilitate the sharing of global 
insights and investment recommendations. BII also 
serves as an essential forum for deep, timely and 
relevant dialogue on global macro events for our 
WE HAVE CREATED A PLATFORM THAT IS 
MORE THAN A COLLECTION OF INDIVIDUAL 
PRODUCTS — IT’S A CONSTRUCTION AND 
DELIVERY MECHANISM LEVERAGING 
ALADDIN TO ACHIEVE COMPREHENSIVE 
CLIENT SOLUTIONS.
17

--- Page 20 ---
clients and our investment teams. After Brexit and the 
U.S. elections, our BII client calls each reached nearly 
5,000 people. This type of engagement is a prime 
example of how bringing all of the pieces of BlackRock 
together — uniting people and perspectives from all 
over the world — has created tremendous value for our 
clients, and stronger partnerships for BlackRock.
We also are using machine learning, artificial 
intelligence and advanced data processing to drive 
new forms of alpha generation, from monitoring 
satellite data of big-box store parking lots, to 
analyzing internet searches for consumer products — 
enabling us to predict sales volume or even national 
economic growth.
Seizing Opportunity With 
BlackRock Technology
When we founded BlackRock in 1988, we knew that we 
needed purpose-built, advanced technology in order 
to serve our clients and differentiate ourselves in the 
asset management industry. Almost immediately we 
began building Aladdin. The purpose of Aladdin was to 
provide a single investment system and common source 
of data within BlackRock — allowing us to see clearer, 
work smarter and move faster. Today more than 28,000 
users in nearly 50 countries benefit from using Aladdin. 
Aladdin remains such an important part of what we do 
because we have never stopped innovating — we are 
always enhancing, reprogramming, and evolving the 
system to meet the needs of our clients.
Today, a major need exists for technology to help 
investors achieve better outcomes. With institutions 
falling short of meeting their financial obligations 
and more responsibility on individuals to make better 
investment decisions, there is an opportunity for 
technology to help simplify these complex challenges.
BLACKROCK IS PAVING THE WAY.
Our ambition is to be the most sophisticated user of data 
and technology in the financial services industry — to 
optimize investment decision-making, alpha generation, 
portfolio optimization and risk management.
We seek to transform the way client outcomes are 
created through portfolio construction, asset allocation 
and digital distribution.
One of our newest Aladdin technologies provides 
home offices and financial advisors with sophisticated 
risk management and portfolio construction 
capabilities to build better portfolios for their clients. 
Our iRetire® technology redirects the retirement 
conversation away from the traditional nest egg and 
helps clients close the gap between their current 
savings and their desired annual income during their 
retirement. FutureAdvisor® provides sophisticated 
long-term investment advice to users through desktop 
and mobile technologies consistent with the way we 
use technology elsewhere in our daily lives. In 2016, 
we also began partnering with our largest custodians 
to use Aladdin to rethink existing workflows and 
data transfers. And we recently invested in iCapital®, 
the leading technology-enabled illiquid alternatives 
distribution platform for retail investors.
18
OUR ULTIMATE OBJECTIVE 
IS TO INTEGRATE ALL OF THESE 
TECHNOLOGIES, CREATING 
AN INDUSTRY-LEADING OFFERING 
THAT TRANSFORMS HOW 
TECHNOLOGY IS USED BY ASSET 
AND WEALTH MANAGERS TO 
SERVE CLIENTS.
Creating Long-Term Value for 
Our Shareholders
Fulfilling our fiduciary duty to our clients is directly 
aligned with delivering value for BlackRock’s 
shareholders. While 2016 highlighted that a variety 
of exogenous factors can impact our clients and 
our business results, our framework for shareholder 
value creation, which we review regularly with our 
Board of Directors, is focused on the key elements of 
our business model that we can control: generating 
organic growth, demonstrating the benefits of 
scale through operating leverage and consistently 
returning capital to shareholders. During 2016, 
while our strategies for growth remained broadly 
consistent, we took the opportunity to pivot in certain 
areas of our business in light of changes in the asset 
management landscape.
Driving Organic Growth Through 
Strategic Investments for the Future
Creating outcomes for our clients requires an 
understanding and appreciation for the various building 
blocks that their portfolios will need over time. At 
BlackRock, we’ve invested across a full spectrum — from 
market index exposures, to smart beta and factors, to 
quantitative and fundamental alpha to alternatives.
We also are continuously looking to see how changes 
in our clients’ needs, the markets or the industry 
require us to evolve these product offerings. Over 
the past few years, we have deliberately evolved 
our offerings in ETFs and indexing. We refined and 
expanded our active fixed income platform in the 
face of record low interest rates. We found new ways 
to leverage our unique technology to build and 
manage client portfolios. And, most recently, we 
repositioned our active equity platform for the future 
of active management. 
