
--- Page 20 ---
20
Statement of the 
Chairman  
of the Board of 
Management
2017 model offensive 
In the 2017 financial year, we will offer customers more than 20 new BMW, MINI and  Rolls-Royce 
models. For BMW, a highlight for the current financial year will be the arrival of the most innova-
tive BMW 5 Series of all time. This status has been confirmed by awards such as “Best Connected 
Car of the Year”. Our 5 Series customers can choose from options ranging from a plug-in hybrid 
variant to the M Performance model. Our current MINI line-up is young and striking, with five 
models full of character that appeal to different target groups. The new MINI Countryman is 
our second spearhead in the fast-growing premium compact segment. Motorcycle fans can also 
look forward to new models this year with 14 market launches from BMW Motorrad.
Dear Shareholders,
We firmly believe that the diverse challenges of tomorrow’s mobility open up new opportunities 
for further growth and technological progress which we will pursue in the interest of our 
customers. In doing so, we combine fresh thinking, operational excellence and profitability. For 
the past seven years, the EBIT margin in the Automotive segment has been within or above our 
target range of eight to ten per cent. 
In early 2017, the rating agency Moody’s upgraded our long-term credit rating to A1 – giving the 
BMW Group the best rating of any European automobile manufacturer and the second-highest 
worldwide. This financial stability forms the basis for our investments in the future.
It is only right that our shareholders share in our success. In the 101st year of BMW AG, the 
Board of Management and Supervisory Board will therefore propose to the Annual General 
Meeting the highest dividend in the history of the company for the financial year 2016, with 
a total payout of 2.3 billion euros. Associates of BMW AG in Germany will also share in the 
company’s positive performance through our profit-sharing programme.
I would like to thank all of our shareholders and debt investors. You, dear shareholders and 
investors, accompany us as we embark upon a new age of mobility. With our strategy, we have 
shown you our roadmap for the future and we are consistently implementing the measures 
accordingly. Your commitment is a sign of your appreciation and trust. We will do everything 
in our power to ensure that BMW AG remains an attractive investment and a reliable and 
future-oriented company that justifies your trust.
Harald Krüger
Chairman of the Board of Management
