
--- Page 4 ---
Dear Shareholders:
Never could I have imagined 
that my final year as CEO of 
Citi would be consumed by 
a once-in-a-century health 
crisis that would upend the 
global economy and the 
lives of everyone on our 
planet. It was a year filled 
with immense pain and 
uncertainty but also courage 
and purpose — and we can 
take heart that even as it 
did its worst, the global 
pandemic has brought out 
the best in us. 
Michael L. Corbat
Chief Executive Officer
October 2012 – February 2021
Letter to Shareholders
2020 was a year that tested Citi like never before. From the beginning, I was 
determined to see that Citi not merely manage through but emerge stronger 
from the pandemic — and that, in addition to serving as a source of strength 
for our clients, we seize the opportunity to help lead the relief and recovery 
and remind the world of the invaluable role that Citi plays as a global bank.
I’m proud to say we have done that, by every measure. Entering the 
pandemic on a solid footing from a capital and liquidity perspective gave 
us the resources we needed to support our colleagues, customers, clients 
and communities during the sharpest economic downturn since the Great 
Depression. That financial stability enabled us to do many things to catalyze 
the recovery without jeopardizing our own safety and soundness. 
From the onset of the pandemic, we acted swiftly. When shelter-at-home 
orders were issued last March by governments around the globe, we 
undertook a massive effort to keep our employees safe while serving our 
clients seamlessly. Within days, we had nearly 200,000 of our colleagues up 
and running at their kitchen tables and home offices. We offered childcare 
and in-home care options and enhanced health and education resources 
and provided special compensation to help ease the financial burden for 
75,000 colleagues.
We were one of the first banks in the U.S. to 
announce consumer assistance programs 
for our credit card and mortgage customers. 
Though Citi historically has not been a large 
lender to small businesses, by year end we 
funded loans totaling $3.8 billion as part of the 
U.S. Small Business Administration’s Paycheck 
Protection Program and donated $50 million 
in proceeds from the program to support 
community economic recovery efforts. 
For our globally minded clients who include 
multinational companies, emerging market 
leaders, governments, investors and ultra-
high net worth households, we have been 
helping them contend with volatile markets, 
reconfigure supply chains, and access short- 
and long-term liquidity.
2

--- Page 5 ---
And because we take seriously our 
responsibility to the communities we 
serve, we have supported front-line health 
workers and deployed other resources to 
those who desperately need help. Combined 
with donations from Citi colleagues, 
contributions to pandemic-related causes 
from our company and the Citi Foundation 
topped $100 million in 2020. 
Providing Strength in a Year  
of Upheaval
Despite the tumultuous impacts of the 
pandemic, we turned in solid financial results 
during 2020. In an operating environment 
more uncertain and challenging than any 
in recent memory, we kept revenues flat to 
the banner year of 2019. In 2020, we earned 
$11 billion of net income on revenues of 
$74 billion despite the roughly $10 billion 
increase we took in credit reserves as a 
result of the pandemic and the impact of 
current expected credit losses. 
Even after meeting the capital and liquidity 
needs of our clients, we closed out the 
year exceptionally well-capitalized, with 
a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 11.7%, 
exceeding our 10% regulatory minimum.  
We also increased our Tangible Book Value 
per Share to $73.67, up 5% from 2019.
Our Institutional Clients Group performed 
well, delivering 13% revenue growth, 
positive operating leverage and 22% 
operating margin growth for the year. 
Our Treasury and Trade Solutions 
business, although negatively affected 
by lower rates, experienced strong client 
engagement and digital adoption, including 
a 9% year-over-year increase in users of 
our CitiDirect BE® banking platform.
Our global expertise means that we 
continue to be the first call for many of 
the most significant financial transactions 
and activities. In September, our team led 
the initial public offering for the enterprise 
software company Snowflake, which 
returned 100% to investors while creating  
a new $65 billion market cap company.  
In November, we were selected to serve as 
the financial advisor to the international 
public health organization Gavi in its effort 
to equitably distribute 2 billion vaccine 
doses for COVID-19 by the end of 2021. 
Our Global Consumer Bank bore the impact of sharply decreased credit 
card spending, although we did see deposit growth in every region. In 
the U.S., our retail business benefited from exceptionally high mortgage 
refinancing as homeowners saw opportunities in this ultra-low-rate 
environment, and we experienced continued momentum in digital deposits. 
In Mexico, an ongoing slowdown in overall economic growth and industry 
volumes resulted in lower revenues. In Asia, card spending was down, 
but we saw strong performance in wealth management, with investment 
revenues at their highest level in a decade.
Jane Fraser
Chief Executive Officer
March 2021 –
“ Citi is an incredible institution with a 
proud history and a bright future. I am 
excited to join with my colleagues in 
writing the next chapter.”
3

--- Page 6 ---
We continued to combine our scale, 
digital capabilities and ecosystem to be 
where our customers need us to be. In 
the U.S., our largest consumer market, 
we expanded our lending partnership 
with American Airlines, announced 
private label and co-brand credit card 
agreements with two new partners, 
Meijer and Wayfair, and drove robust 
digital deposit sales. In Mexico, we 
worked with PepsiCo Alimentos Mexico 
and Amigo PAQ to enable mobile 
access to credit to more than 800,000 
shopkeepers through our Citibanamex 
digital apps. And in Asia, we expanded 
our partnership with Grab to offer 
personal loans through the ride-hailing 
company’s app.
Putting Citi on a  
Strong Footing
More than anything, 2020 
demonstrated the value of our 
diversified and durable business model. 
But for Citi, the story of 2020 actually 
began many years earlier. 
When I was appointed CEO in 2012, the 
firm was still in a tenuous position from 
the financial crisis several years before. 
At the time, I decided to accelerate a 
strategy that returned the firm back to 
basics. We streamlined our consumer 
business and embraced the shift to 
digital. We re-established Citi as a 
go-to bank for our institutional clients 
through our global network. 
Working through our legacy assets, 
we optimized our capital base and 
reduced our net deferred tax assets by 
more than half, generating $7 billion 
of regulatory capital in the process. 
Our financial performance improved 
steadily as we became a simpler, 
smaller, safer and stronger institution. 
We transitioned from restructuring the 
firm to investing in it and significantly 
improved our returns. 
Before the pandemic’s impact on the 
economy and our businesses took hold, 
we had made tremendous progress in 
closing the gap with our peers. From 
2012 to 2019:
• Citi’s Net Income increased from  
$7.5 billion to $19.4 billion.
2020 NET REVENUES1
• Citi’s Return on Assets increased 
$74.2 Billion
from 39 bps to 98 bps.
• Citi’s Efficiency Ratio improved  
from 72.0% to 56.5%.
• Citi’s Return on Tangible Common 
Equity increased from 5.0% to 12.1%, 
closing the gap with our peers. 
We dramatically increased the return 
of capital to common shareholders. 
From 2015 through 2019, we returned 
nearly $75 billion to our common 
shareholders while also reducing our 
share count by 30%. 
Showing how far Citi has come since 
the financial crisis, in 2020 — the year 
of a pandemic — we had $3.5 billion 
more in Net Income, an 11 bps higher 
Return on Assets and 160 bps higher 
Return on Tangible Common Equity 
than we had in 2012. That’s great 
progress but make no mistake: It was 
rooted in the hard work we put in 
during the years leading up to 2020. 
Prudent decisions we made in the wake 
of the last crisis have proved their full 
value in this one.
BY REGION
North America
50%
Europe, 
Middle East 
and Africa 
(EMEA)
17%
Latin America
12%
Asia2
21%
BY BUSINESS
Global 
Consumer 
Banking (GCB)
40%
ICG Banking
29%
ICG Markets and 
Securities Services
31%
ICG — Institutional Clients Group
1  Results exclude Corporate/Other revenues 
(of $0.1 billion) and are non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures.
2 Asia GCB includes the results of operations of GCB 
activities in certain EMEA countries.
CITIGROUP — KEY CAPITAL METRICS
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio1
Supplementary Leverage Ratio1
TBV/Share2
12.6%
12.4%
11.9%
11.8%
11.7%
7.2%
6.7%
6.4%
6.2%
7.0%
$64.57
$60.16
$63.79
$70.39
$73.67
4Q’16
4Q’17
4Q’18
4Q’19
4Q’20
1  Citigroup’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Supplementary Leverage Ratio for 2017 and 2016 
are non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures. For additional information, please see “Capital Resources” in Citi’s 
2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
2  Tangible Book Value (TBV) per share is a non-GAAP ﬁnancial measure. For a reconciliation to reported 
results, please see “Tangible Common Equity, Book Value Per Share, Tangible Book Value Per Share and 
Returns on Equity” in Citi’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
4

--- Page 7 ---
Leading with Purpose
Amid a global health crisis that has 
created so much economic and social 
upheaval, Citi’s efforts to tackle long-
standing societal challenges have 
become even more important. 
We kicked off the year with the launch 
of the Citi Impact Fund in January. 
With $200 million to invest, it is the 
largest fund of its kind established 
by a bank with its own capital. In just 
its first year, the Citi Impact Fund has 
invested in 11 companies, the majority 
of which are founded by women, 
minorities — and in some cases both 
— that have the potential to make our 
cities and communities more equitable 
and sustainable.
The pandemic focused the spotlight 
on another intensifying global crisis 
— climate change. For more than two 
decades, Citi has led the industry’s 
drive toward sustainability. In 2020, 
we announced a new five-year goal to 
finance and facilitate $250 billion in 
environmental projects and activities, 
following on the heels of completing 
$100 billion in environmental 
transactions four years faster than  
the goal we had set.
encompasses $1 billion in strategic 
actions to help close the racial wealth 
gap and increase economic mobility in 
the U.S. The initiative underscores our 
determination to mobilize the full power 
of our business activities to attack 
the barriers that keep racially diverse 
communities from building wealth. 
Each of these efforts helps advance 
our ambition to be a leader on a broad 
range of societal issues and challenges. 
In each case, these efforts enjoy the full 
support of our franchise because this 
is about more than just “doing good.” 
It is a business imperative. By building 
a fairer, more inclusive and more 
sustainable economy, we all benefit — 
our company, our clients and customers, 
and the communities we serve.
Building on Our Success
Looking back at my time as CEO, I 
could not be more proud of what our 
firm has achieved. But I know there 
is always more to do. The pandemic 
will irrevocably change many things 
about banking, and we must embrace 
this opportunity to achieve a state of 
excellence in our risk and controls, our 
infrastructure and our ability to serve 
our clients.
2020 also brought a long overdue 
reckoning with systemic inequity 
and social injustice. In the aftermath 
of the murder of George Floyd, we 
launched Action for Racial Equity, which 
Consent orders issued in October 
by the Federal Reserve Board and 
the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency have created additional 
urgency and a framework for the 
firm’s transformation. Central to 
addressing regulators’ concerns 
is improving Citi’s risk and control 
environment, which will be essential  
to the new digital landscape. 
Now, after 38 years at Citi, I leave 
this institution with Jane Fraser’s 
hands at the helm, confident in the 
quality and comprehensiveness 
of the transformation she will be 
leading so Citi can continue its 
journey back to being the world’s 
leading bank. I leave Citi perhaps 
proudest of the fact that it is again 
an indisputably strong and stable 
institution — and an institution our 
colleagues are proud of which to be 
a part. And I know that Jane will take 
our great firm to new heights while 
maximizing returns and delivering 
the full benefits of our franchise to 
all our stakeholders. 
I will always be rooting for Citi.
Sincerely,
Michael L. Corbat
Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc.
1  Tangible Book Value (TBV) is a non-GAAP financial measure. For the components of the TBV calculation, see “Capital Resources — Tangible Common 
Equity, Book Value per Share, Tangible Book Value per Share and Returns on Equity” in Citi’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K included with this letter.
2  Return on Tangible Common Equity (ROTCE) is a non-GAAP financial measure. For the components of the ROTCE calculations, see “Capital Resources — 
Tangible Common Equity, Book Value per Share, Tangible Book Value per Share and Returns on Equity” in Citi’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K included 
with this letter.
5
