
--- Page 3 ---
We are on a deliberate 
journey to unlock Citi’s  
full potential, and we  
have made some bold  
decisions over the last  
year to ensure we succeed.
We know our journey will have its challenges. Whilst some of 
our businesses continued to eclipse their peers in the industry, 
others did not meet our expectations. We also faced challenges 
in aspects of our work to strengthen our data and regulatory 
reporting, an area we are committed to getting right.
Despite some of the headwinds we faced, we continue to stay 
the course and strongly believe in the deliberate path we set at 
Investor Day in 2022. We said this was a multi-year journey and 
we will face challenges as we execute. Nonetheless, the changes 
we have made to the firm and the discipline and accountability 
we put in place over the past few years will allow us to truly 
transform our company for the long term. 
We are still firmly on track to meet the medium-term financial 
targets we set at Investor Day, including achieving an 11-12% 
Return on Tangible Common Equity (RoTCE)1. Our business 
model is resilient and well-diversified. Our balance sheet 
is strong. We have ample liquidity and capital. We remain 
confident in our ability to generate higher returns over the long 
term and return capital to shareholders.
Our business performance
A number of notable items that occurred during a 
disappointing fourth quarter negatively impacted our earnings 
for 2023. We delivered $9.2 billion in net income on revenues 
of $78.5 billion. Our RoTCE2 was 4.9%. Still, we met our full-
year expense guidance and increased our Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital ratio to approximately 13.4%. We grew tangible 
book value per share2 by 6% to $86.19 and returned roughly 
$6 billion in capital to shareholders in the form of common 
dividends and share repurchases.
At Investor Day, we laid out a clear, compelling vision for the 
firm: to be the preeminent banking partner for institutions with 
cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth management 
and a valued personal bank in our home market. We’ve been 
executing a strategy to bring this vision to life through our five 
interconnected businesses — Services, Markets, Banking, 
Wealth and U.S. Personal Banking.
Our Services business had a record year in 2023 as we 
maintained our leadership in Treasury and Trade Solutions 
(TTS), with client wins up 27% and cross-border transactions 
up 15%. In Securities Services, we had roughly $25 trillion 
in assets under custody and administration, up 13% during 
2023. And we continued to relentlessly innovate for our clients 
with products such as 24/7 USD Clearing, Payments Express 
and Citi Token Services, which enable clients to facilitate 
cross-border payments and access automated trade finance 
solutions around the clock.
Our Markets business delivered a solid performance for the year 
with good underlying momentum in Equities and continued 
growth in Prime balances. We retained a leading position in 
Fixed Income and further optimized our model with the exit 
of marginal businesses. Overall, Markets revenues decreased 
6% from a very strong performance in 2022. As we look ahead, 
our franchise remains well positioned with both corporate and 
investor clients, and we continue to take actions to improve 
returns by allocating capital to products that meet client 
demand and generate a strong return profile. 
Banking remains a key part of our strategy. Whilst revenues for 
the business fell 15% in 2023, largely driven by a weaker wallet 
globally, we are focused on improving wallet share in the near 
term. Our M&A business experienced significant momentum 
in the back half of 2023. Throughout the year, we led on 
several global transactions larger than $10 billion. We have 
also reorganized our three lines of business — Investment 
Banking, Corporate Banking and Commercial Banking — 
under one umbrella to strengthen synergies amongst them. 
We look forward to welcoming Vis Raghavan later this year 
to lead the franchise and bring an additional intensity to our 
Banking business.
We continue to make headway in Wealth as we grow our 
presence in Asia and modernize the digital experience for clients. 
In 2023, we added $56 billion in client balances and broadened 
our Citi Wealth at Work offering. However, Wealth revenues were 
down 5% from 2022, and we recognize there is more work to be 
done. With Andy Sieg having returned to Citi to run the Wealth 
business, we are well-positioned to capture the extraordinary 
wealth creation set to take place over the next decade. 
U.S. Personal Banking continued to show excellent momentum 
last year as revenues increased 14%, driven largely by a rebound in 
borrowing across Cards and solid spending in Branded Cards. We 
continued to innovate for clients with new products and offerings, 
including the launch of Citi Travel with Booking.com powered by 
Rocket Travel by Agoda. In Retail Banking, we launched Simplified 
Banking, which uses a tiered approach to unlock enhanced 
benefits, similar to an airline or hotel rewards program. And in 
Retail Services, we celebrated the 20-year milestone of our 
partnership with The Home Depot, in addition to launching a 
number of new products and other partner relationships. 
Operating with increased rigor and 
accountability
In September, we took our boldest step yet to fulfill Citi’s 
potential, announcing the most consequential series of 
changes to how we run the bank since the aftermath of the 
3
Jane Fraser  
Chief Executive Officer
Letter to shareholders
Dear shareholders,
We are on a mission to ensure that Citi delivers to its full potential for all stakeholders.
Over the past three years, we have successfully put the foundations in place for the bank we aspire to be. 
Last year represented a significant step forward in our journey as we reorganized the firm to sharpen the 
focus on our five businesses and simplify our operations and infrastructure. Between the reorganization 
of the firm and the strides made in divesting our international consumer franchises, our management 
structure and organizational model are now fully aligned to our strategy.
2
At the same time, we continued to instill a culture of excellence and accountability to ensure alignment 
with our shareholders’ interests. We also made progress on our Transformation and strengthening our risk 
and controls, although we recognize there’s more work to be done.

--- Page 4 ---
Building a winning bank
Aligned organizational 
structure with strategy 
to simplify Citi, remove 
needless complexity and  
free up more time to focus  
on clients
Elevated the leaders  
of Citi’s five core 
businesses
to the Executive 
Management Team  
to speed up decision 
making and drive greater 
accountability for results
Created a  
centralized Client 
organization
to strengthen how  
we deliver for clients  
across the firm
Lightened and  
streamlined Citi’s  
geographic structure
to simplify decision  
making and focus on 
serving clients with 
cross-border needs
Stepped up to safeguard  
the financial system
and served as a source  
of stability throughout  
the early 2023 U.S.  
banking crisis
Completed consumer  
franchise divestitures  
in Asia, restarted the sales 
process in Poland and 
progressed with winding  
down consumer operations  
in China, Russia and  
South Korea
Progressed with  
plans for an IPO
of Citi’s consumer,  
small business  
and middle-market  
operations in Mexico
Acted as lead  
financial advisor  
to ExxonMobil
on the largest  
announced M&A  
deal of the year
Optimized innovative  
client solutions,
including 24/7 USD Clearing,  
Payments Express and  
Citi Token Services to help  
clients seamlessly access  
working capital and  
manage cash
Streamlined the digital  
banking experience
for Commercial Bank  
clients with the launch  
of CitiDirect
Recruited exceptional  
talent to the firm,
including welcoming  
Andy Sieg back to lead  
Citi’s Wealth business  
and Vis Raghavan to lead  
Citi’s Banking business
Introduced  
Simplified Banking,
enabling U.S. Retail Banking  
customers to unlock enhanced 
benefits and reach their full  
financial potential
Simplified and  
modernized the firm
to better manage risk by  
consolidating technology  
platforms and implementing  
a new model for underwriting 
wholesale credit risk
Consolidated our  
portfolio of electronic  
FX trading platforms
for corporate and  
professional investor  
clients into Velocity 3.0
4
5

--- Page 5 ---
2008 financial crisis. Aligning our organizational structure with 
our strategy will help us build a simpler Citi, enabling us to be 
less bureaucratic and more focused on clients. 
The leaders of our five core businesses now sit at my leadership 
table, giving them greater influence on Citi’s strategy and 
execution, as well as greater accountability for realizing 
synergies and delivering results. We have eliminated the 
previous regional structures and lightened the management of 
our geographies. By moving to a more focused geographical and 
business management structure, we have significantly reduced 
certain internal financial management reports and eliminated 
more than 60 internal management committees so far. 
Without these structures and related processes and 
meetings, our teams can now spend more of their time 
focused on what is most important — serving clients. To that 
end, we created a Client organization, led by our first Chief 
Client Officer. This group is responsible for bringing the full 
power of our franchise to clients through a centralized view of 
our client strategy, segmentation and coverage model, as well 
as capital allocation. 
Our new structure is grounded in the vision and strategy we 
laid out at Investor Day, and these business and client changes 
support the 4-5% compound annual growth rate we set out 
to achieve over the medium-term. The changes allow us to 
provide far more transparency into the drivers of our business 
and focus on enhancing business performance. 
We have now closed the sales of nine of our 14 international 
consumer divestitures and made solid progress winding down 
consumer operations in China, Russia and South Korea. We 
restarted the sales process in Poland and are well down the 
execution path for the Mexico IPO in 2025. Having made 
progress divesting our consumer businesses outside the U.S., 
we now serve a much more targeted set of clients across our 
five interconnected businesses. 
Our number one priority
We know that to truly simplify Citi and unlock our firm’s full 
potential, we must continue investing in our Transformation. 
This is our multi-year effort to strengthen our risk and 
controls environment and data architecture, and it remains 
our number one priority. 
The Consent Orders issued in 2020 by two of our U.S. 
regulators — the Federal Reserve Board and Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) — underscored how we 
had underinvested in some of those areas for too long. The 
work to make up for that lost ground takes time, and we are 
determined to keep making upgrades and improvements. 
This year’s priorities include accelerating our work to strengthen 
our regulatory reporting and data remediation. Those efforts will 
build on the progress we have made this year. Our controls are 
more robust, exemplified by our new wholesale credit risk target 
operating model. By automating processes, they’re getting 
better and faster: booking or amending loans in North America 
now takes half the time it once did. 
6
In 2023, we also closed the FX consent order with the Federal 
Reserve Board and retired 6% of our legacy technology 
applications. Within the firm, our people are beginning to 
feel the benefits of the Transformation as we consolidate 
fragmented technology platforms, upgrade our data 
architecture and modernize our operating model for the 
digital age.
Our important role in the world
Our progress in the Transformation and executing our 
strategy is notable given the tremendous macroeconomic and 
geopolitical headwinds we contended with throughout the 
year. Ongoing volatility in the markets. Persistent inflation. 
Devastating conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. The 
disruptive potential of AI. The list goes on. 
Yet challenging environments such as these are precisely 
where Citi thrives. Our global network and mindset uniquely 
position us to support clients and communities around the 
world during difficult times. When three regional U.S. banks 
and one global bank failed in early 2023, for instance, our 
robust balance sheet allowed us to work with other large 
U.S. banks to stabilize the financial system. We continue to 
demonstrate that Citi is a source of strength for our clients and 
a source of stability for the financial system. 
For multinational companies, Citi offers the size and scale 
to help them compete around the world, without having to 
rely on a mix of local banks. We finance supply chains and 
partner with America’s top companies to bring products and 
services to American consumers at affordable prices. Around 
the world, we use our robust balance sheet to fund and 
facilitate transformational projects. In the U.S., we’ve been 
the number one affordable housing lender for 13 years in a 
row, which includes the financing of approximately 35,000 
affordable housing units in 2022.
In addition, we provide a variety of products that can help to 
increase financial inclusion, and we work with community 
development financial institutions (CDFIs) and minority-
owned depository institutions (MDIs) to reach underserved 
populations. As a proud participant of the OCC’s Project 
Reach, we are co-leading the workstream that is focused 
on strengthening MDIs. We are also engaged in initiatives to 
increase access to credit and reduce the number of Americans 
who are “credit invisible.” 
Heads down and focused on delivering
We are on a deliberate journey to unlock Citi’s full potential, 
and we have made some bold decisions over the last year to 
ensure we succeed. Our vision is clear. The strategy is set. The 
pieces are in place. A performance intensity is building.
I am excited about the work we have accomplished over the 
past year to simplify the firm and focus Citi’s power behind 
our five interconnected businesses. I am confident Citi is on 
the right path to meet our medium-term financial targets and 
deliver all the benefits of our firm to our stakeholders.
The road ahead will not always be linear, but our momentum 
and commitment will continue to carry us forward. We have 
the right people in place to get the job done, and we will not 
stop until we become the winning bank we know Citi can be. 
Sincerely,
Jane Fraser
Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc.
Full year 2023 results and key metrics
Key financial metrics
Businesses snapshot
REVENUES
$78.5B
EPS
$4.04
NET INCOME
$9.2B
ROCE
4.3%
TOTAL SERVICES  
REVENUES
TOTAL MARKETS  
REVENUES
16%
 6%
TOTAL BANKING  
REVENUES
 15%
TOTAL WEALTH  
REVENUES
 5%
RoTCE
4.9%2
SLR
5.8% 
CET1 CAPITAL 
RATIO
13.4%3
TOTAL USPB  
REVENUES
14%
Maintained top ranking  
in TTS with client wins 
27%
and cross-border transactions
 15%
Key highlights
Added nearly 
$3 trillion
in assets under custody and 
administration in
SECURITIES SERVICES
MARKETS 
progressed in Equities,  
with Prime balances
YoY 
Grew  
share gains in 
BANKING,
including focus areas  
such as  
healthcare
Added 
$56B 
in client balances in 
WEALTH
Reported 
7th 
consecutive  
quarter 
of YoY revenue growth in 
USPB
Returned
~$6B
in capital
to common shareholders 
through dividends and 
share buybacks
1   RoTCE over the medium-term is a forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure. From time to time, management may discuss forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures, such 
as forward-looking estimates or targets for revenue, expenses, and RoTCE. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of RoTCE over the medium-term to its most directly comparable 
GAAP financial measure because we are unable to provide a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of amounts that would be necessary for the reconciliation due to the 
complexity and inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying future amounts or when they may occur. Such unavailable information could be significant to future results.
2   RoTCE and tangible book value per share are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 47 of Citi’s 2023 Form 10-K.
3  Citi’s binding CET1 Capital and Tier 1 Capital ratios were derived under the Basel III Standardized Approach as of December 31, 2023. For more information, see page 11 of Citi’s 
2023 Form 10-K.
7
