
--- Page 4 ---
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2010 was a turning point for Citigroup. We achieved our 
primary goal of returning to profitability, posting positive net 
income in each quarter, a full-year profit of $10.6 billion and a 
$14.9 billion profit in the core businesses that will determine 
our company’s future. The U.S. government sold its shares of 
common stock in our company — in the process earning the 
taxpayers a more than $12 billion profit on their investment.  
We made more progress in reducing assets in Citi Holdings than 
anyone expected and ended the year with Holdings constituting 
less than 20% of our balance sheet. We attracted top talent, 
including new executives to run our U.S. Consumer Bank and 
Cards businesses. And, most important, we put in place a 
structure and a strategy that we believe will enable us not only 
to grow but to regain our company’s place as the world’s 
premier international bank.
Several large trends are reshaping the financial services 
industry. As America’s only truly global bank, Citigroup is the 
best-positioned bank in the world to harness those trends and 
deliver value to our clients and shareholders. We inherited a 
great foundation. Thanks to the foresight of those who were 
running this bank since before many of us were born, our 
company maintains an unparalleled physical presence in more 
than 100 of the world’s countries and jurisdictions, with 
business operations in some 60 more. That foundation gives us 
a strong head start. And we are working to build on it in ways 
that aspiring competitors simply cannot — because they lack 
our history, our unique assets and our global presence.
2010 Results
Before I go into more detail about our strategy and execution 
priorities, let me briefly review our full-year results. One year 
ago, no one would have predicted that Citi would earn a profit 
in every quarter of 2010 and post double-digit net income for 
the full year. But that’s exactly what we did.
2
Vikram S. Pandit 
Chief Executive Officer
Citi earned a profit of $10.6 billion in 2010, or $0.35 per share. 
Both of these figures are up sharply from a net loss of $1.6 
billion, or $0.80 per share, in 2009. Revenues on a comparable 
basis were down slightly — to $86.6 billion in 2010 from $91.1 
billion in 2009. Most of that decline is attributable to the 
continued shrinking of Citi Holdings both in dollar terms and as 
a share of our balance sheet.
Our core businesses in Citicorp earned profits on a comparable 
basis of $14.9 billion on revenues of $65.6 billion — down 
slightly, reflecting the especially strong Securities and Banking 
results from the prior year. Regional Consumer Banking and 
Global Transaction Services (GTS) both posted solid revenue 
gains. In particular, our businesses in Asia Pacific and Latin 
America continue to grow, with our  international  consumer 
banks leading the way with revenue gains of 9% and a doubling 
of net income to $4.2 billion. Overall, Citicorp generated 59% 
of its revenues from its international operations — a powerful 
testament to the strength of our global brand.
Our strong focus on Citicorp was matched by an equally strong 
determination to continue winding down Citi Holdings in an 
economically rational manner. Through a number of important 
sales and other actions — including the divestiture of 

--- Page 5 ---
The Student Loan Corporation and much of Primerica — we 
regulations becomes clearer. In the meantime, we will focus on 
reduced Citi Holdings assets by $128 billion. Those assets are 
driving strong return on assets. Having achieved sustained 
down by more than half from 2008 levels and now stand at 
profitability, we now are looking to create sustained and 
$359 billion. And net losses in Citi Holdings for the year fell  
responsible growth. Here’s how.
by more than half, from $8.9 billion in 2009 to $4.2 billion  
last year.
Current Trends
Provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims also 
declined on a comparable basis — by $25.7 billion, or 50%,  
Our core goal for the near term is to continue aligning our  
bank around what we believe are the major trends reshaping 
to $26.0 billion. Total expenses for Citigroup were $47.4 billion, 
our industry.
down $447 million, or 1%, from 2009 — even as we continue  
to make ongoing investments in talent, technology, new 
products, customer acquisition and expanded distribution, 
among others — ensuring that we have the people and the 
platform to meet clients’ and customers’ expectations well  
into this century.
Citigroup Net Income
(in billions of dollars)
1) The rise of an emerging-market consumer and trading bloc: 
Growth in emerging markets is hardly a new story, but the 
traditional narrative is perhaps a bit behind current reality.  
The basic facts are well-known. Emerging markets are growing 
consistently faster than developed economies, in some cases 
by many multiples.
Yet two deeper factors are driving this broader trend. The first 
is the rise of the emerging-market consumer and that new 
$3.6
$(27.7)
$(1.6)
$10.6
consumer base’s power to drive global growth. For example, in 
2007
2008
2009
2010
Our capital strength continues to be among the best in the 
business. Our Tier 1 Common ratio increased from 9.6% to 
10.8% over the course of the year. And our loan loss reserves 
stand at $40.7 billion, or 6.3% of our loan balances.
The numbers, in other words, are strong. I know that return on 
equity is of particular importance to shareholders. We will have 
more to say about return on equity as the impact of all the new 
China and India alone, middle class households are expected to 
grow by more than 300 million over the next decade. Last year, 
70 million people living in emerging markets entered the 
middle class. According to one estimate, by 2020, three- 
quarters of incremental consumer spending will come from 
emerging markets. If that estimate is correct, then by that 
same year, consumer spending in Asia will overtake North 
America to become the world’s largest consumer bloc.
The other major factor is the vast increase in trade and capital 
flows within emerging markets. The share of global trade from 
emerging markets rose from 21% in 1995 to 35% in 2009, and 
that share is rising slightly faster than their share of the global 
economy. While intra-emerging market flows represent less 
than 15% of global trade today, these flows are increasing 
rapidly — rising from 6% of world trade to 13% between 1995 
and 2009. By contrast, the advanced economies’ share of 
global trade is now 65%, down from 79% in 1995.
3

--- Page 6 ---
Three other interrelated factors are at work here: increasing 
Whatever changes may come, there are some clear themes 
urbanization, massive investment needs and the role of 
that will define Citi’s future and principles. Customers will place 
sovereign wealth funds. Approximately 1.5 million people move 
a premium on those who practice what we call Responsible 
to a city each day, with almost all of this migration taking place 
Finance. This means acting in ways that are in our clients’ 
in emerging markets. This urbanization already is creating 
interests and that are systemically responsible. Responsible 
fresh demand for financial services and also  is prompting 
Finance also means supporting the real economy and its 
massive investment needs for infrastructure projects, including 
underlying growth trends. This is less about economics and 
roads, transit systems, power grids and telecom. By some 
more about behavior. The financial services industry plays a 
estimates, as much as $3 trillion will be required per year to 
crucial role in enhancing economic growth and prosperity, and 
upgrade aging infrastructure in developed markets and to meet 
we must always make promoting broad-based growth one of 
the demands of urbanization in emerging markets. These 
our central priorities.
investment needs, in turn, will create demand for capital 
markets in these countries, including active equity markets to 
support the expected growth.
Citi Holdings Assets
(in billions of dollars)
$8271
762
705
650
599
582
556
487
5032
465
421
359
1Q
’08
2Q
’08
3Q
’08
4Q
’08
1Q
’09
2Q
’09
3Q
’09
4Q
’09
1Q
’10
2Q
’10
3Q
’10
4Q
’10
1Peak quarter.
2The adoption of SFAS 166/167 brought $43 billion on balance sheet 
  as of January 1, 2010.
Sovereign wealth funds represent a $4 trillion capital pool that 
will only grow larger as global current account imbalances, 
driven by trade surpluses in several Asian and Middle Eastern 
countries, continue to swell. These funds have large and 
fast-growing needs for solid investments in which to put their 
money. As a result, they are likely to play an important role in 
making up for capital investment shortfalls that may arise as 
3) Changes in consumer preferences: A new generation of 
globally minded and tech-savvy people is coming of age and 
entering the financial system. Globalization has harmonized,  
to some extent, these consumers’ tastes, spending habits  
and expectations in ways that make people who live in the 
world’s largest and most sophisticated urban centers more  
like one another than ever before. These consumers also have 
 different — and higher — expectations from businesses than 
their parents. The demands on businesses that rely on 
 information technology will be especially high: consumers  
have come to expect instant, fast, reliable, always-on access  
to a plethora of data. In addition, consumers in differing 
 circumstances and markets increasingly demand products  
and services tailored to their specific needs.
Keeping up with — and staying ahead of — those expectations 
will require changes to the global retail banking business model 
that are every bit as significant as the changes being wrought 
by new regulation. Social networking and technology pose 
perhaps the greatest challenge. More than 750 million people 
around the world now use social networking sites, which are 
radically changing the way consumers communicate — with 
each other and with businesses. What used to be simple 
messages are now interactive and ongoing dialogues. 
 Industries and businesses that succeed in the new environment 
are  harnessing social network technology to offer highly 
 personalized service and virtual, online communities.
more and more capital is allocated to infrastructure.
In short, consumers everywhere are becoming more knowl-
2) Regulatory reform: The regulatory landscape is changing, 
edgeable and sophisticated. We must treat them accordingly.
but we don’t yet know exactly what forms those changes will 
4) Technological advances: Rapid technological advances over 
take. Many of the rules required by Dodd-Frank remain to be 
the next several years will reshape our industry beyond driving 
written, and much of Basel III is not yet finalized. We support 
changes in consumer preferences. The incremental cost of 
both reforms. While the Dodd-Frank rules may impose 
computer memory already is close to zero. The cost of 
 additional costs, they also may create opportunities to develop 
 processing is approaching zero. The expansion of broadband is 
new and profitable business models. And we expect to meet the 
improving connectivity and the speed of information 
new Basel capital and liquidity requirements well before they 
 processing. Cloud computing will meaningfully increase the 
become effective.
4
ability to store and manipulate data.

--- Page 7 ---
The upsides in reducing costs and improving efficiency are 
Our client-centric focus and emphasis on Responsible Finance 
obvious — and not just in consumer businesses. On the 
are well-suited to the newly enacted and still-coming regulatory 
 institutional side, volumes will increase as the marginal cost of 
changes. We are a leader in most of our products across our 
processing trades disappears. In addition, the convenience and 
institutional and consumer businesses. Citi also has a long 
efficiency of technology introduce new security challenges that 
history of innovation — including pioneering widespread use of 
banks must meet.
the ATM.
5) Large global unbanked population: While the expansion of 
the global middle class will drive economic growth and demand 
for banking services, there currently are some 2.5 billion 
unbanked consumers — people who lack access to basic 
financial services — in the world today. While much of this 
population lives in emerging markets, there is a need for 
greater financial inclusion in developed economies as well. For 
example, in the U.S., about 8% of households do not have bank 
accounts — a figure that may rise with the implementation of 
Citicorp Revenues
2010 Revenues: $65.6 billion
By Region
By Business
NA
41%
EMEA
18%
LATAM
19%
ASIA
22%
RCB
49%
GTS
15%
S&B
35%
recent  regulatory changes. The social and economic benefits of 
NA — North America
RCB — Regional Consumer Banking
reaching the unbanked are enormous: greater financial security 
and economic opportunity for low-income people and 
EMEA — Europe, Middle East and Africa
S&B — Securities and Banking
LATAM — Latin America
GTS — Global Transaction Services
 expanding markets and prosperity for the entire world.
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding.
Policymakers have tried to address the problem but have yet to 
develop a workable — and scalable — model to promote financial 
inclusion and reach the poorest and most remote communities. 
One promising avenue is the use of mobile phone technologies 
to facilitate payments and deliver other banking services to the 
unbanked population.
How Our Company Aligns with These Trends
Our “globality,” brand and product breadth make us unique in 
the industry and provide us the opportunity to attract the best 
talent from all over the world. The best people know that a 
career with us offers more opportunities for their own growth 
and development.
And our nearly 200-year-old brand is one of the world’s 
strongest. It has weathered the financial crisis remarkably well 
and remains dominant in many of the emerging markets poised 
Citi is, overall, the world’s best-positioned bank to harness 
for the fastest growth in the coming years.
current trends.
Citi’s extensive global presence and network are unmatched 
among financial institutions. We’ve developed deep and 
long-standing relationships in every market where we operate. 
We can fund projects and lend money using local deposits and 
investments. And our long-term presence has allowed us to 
accumulate a wealth of local knowledge and insights.
Moreover, we link the world not only through knowledge and 
relationships but also through our global payments network to 
create efficiency and accessibility for our clients. These 
services allow us to play a major role in global trade and 
commerce and to develop broad and deep relationships with 
corporations, governments and institutional investors 
 throughout the world. Citi banks no less than 85% of the 
world’s Fortune 1,000 companies.
Citi’s broad product set is aligned with our core strategy of 
being the world’s global bank for consumers and institutions. 
Looking at these trends from the perspective of our three core 
businesses — Securities and Banking, Global Transaction 
 Services and Regional Consumer Banking — our advantages 
come into sharper focus.
In Securities and Banking, our approach is to leverage our 
global network to build deep, enduring relationships with some 
5,000 global priority clients across the corporate, public and 
financial sectors. We believe that these clients represent the 
most concentrated current and future opportunities. We put 
our capital to work for these clients and earn significant 
revenue streams from trading, foreign exchange, advisory and 
other services. And we are working to develop the risk 
 management and operations and technology functions into 
sources of competitive advantage.
In Global Transaction Services (GTS), we are leveraging our 
global network, technology platforms and industry expertise to 
5

--- Page 8 ---
deepen relationships with priority clients through our two 
data quality to best in class, building a global consumer 
major businesses, Treasury and Trade Solutions and Securities 
banking platform, expanding key trading capabilities, 
and Fund Services. Citi’s GTS franchise brings in highly stable 
 introducing the next generation of core systems in servicing 
revenues with relatively low capital usage, making it one of the 
and relentlessly pursuing operating efficiencies.
most attractive businesses in our industry.
In Regional Consumer Banking, we are pursuing a strategy of 
appealing to affluent consumers in the top 150 international 
cities. Nearly half of our 2010 consumer banking revenues were 
generated in emerging markets, where margins are higher and 
growth prospects brighter. We will continue to invest in more 
and better branches in our priority urban markets, even as we 
create “perceptual scale” through innovative distribution 
channels and products and digital banking platforms that make 
our service both more effective and more ubiquitous. We are 
the bank of choice for globally minded consumers and are 
working to become the same for trade-oriented small and 
mid-size companies looking to fulfill their international needs.
These three business segments overlap in a variety of ways  
to create synergies that significantly improve client service  
and our results. Our goal — and expectation — is to derive  
half of our revenues from emerging markets and half from 
 developed economies, with a balanced mix across these three 
key businesses.
Citigroup — Key Capital Metrics
Tier 1 Capital
Tier 1 Common
11.9%
11.9%
2.2%
8.7%
7.7%
8.2%
3.7%
4.2%
4.4%
12.7%
12.8%
9.1%
11.7% 12.0%
11.3%
9.1%
9.6%
9.7%
12.9%
12.5%
10.8%
10.3%
2.3%
2.7%
1Q
’08
2Q
’08
3Q
’08
4Q
’08
1Q
’09
2Q
’09
3Q
’09
4Q
’09
1Q
’10
2Q
’10
3Q
’10
4Q
’10
Note: The adoption of SFAS 166/167 in 1Q’10 reduced Tier 1 Common 
and Tier 1 Capital ratios by 138 and 141 basis points, respectively.
3) Enhance our U.S. consumer business and provide an 
 exceptional customer experience. Last year, we unveiled a 
new strategy to revitalize our U.S. retail banking business. 
We’re making major investments in people, in technology and in 
our branch network to ensure that our customer experience is 
Key Execution Priorities
second to none.
We have identified eight key execution priorities for 2011  
and beyond:
1) Increase our share of emerging-market flows, including 
capital trade and flows. In 2010, we sharpened our focus on 
capturing a larger share of capital trade and flows from, into 
and especially within emerging markets. Plans for the future 
4) Become the industry’s #1 source of ideas and content. 
Meaningful value is delivered through ideas. We want to be the 
best at conveying insights and analysis to clients. We plan to 
leverage our global presence and expertise, including our vast 
information advantage, to generate the freshest thinking and 
create the best content in our industry. No financial institution 
include improving client coverage models, adding and moving 
key talent to and within key markets, investing in infrastructure, 
knows more about more global markets than we do. Our 
challenge is to harness that knowledge and make it work  
creating content that provides unique insights into emerging 
for clients.
markets and making more capital available to clients in  
priority markets.
2) Become the world’s digital bank. Consumers appreciate the 
way technology simplifies and enhances so many aspects of 
their lives; they are increasingly demanding the same from 
5) Provide best-in-class corporate and investment banking 
capabilities. Our goal is to rise to a position such that no major 
corporation, government or institution in the world will make a 
major financial decision without consulting Citi. This requires 
the best talent, the best ideas and the harnessing of all that our 
financial services. We believe that our global footprint and our 
global franchise has to offer.
innovative culture position us to win in the digital space. Digital 
trends also will significantly impact our institutional businesses, 
whether through improvements in business efficiencies, more 
dynamic trading approaches or better ways to deliver services 
to our clients. In addition, we will continue to drive our 
 operations and technology agenda — which includes improving 
6) Connect with our customers. Citi’s global brand is a 
tremendous advantage. We are continually investing in our 
brand and finding the right and best ways to connect with 
customers. We’ve implemented a rigorous net promoter 
methodology around the world to measure customer 
 satisfaction and detail specific client characteristics and needs. 
6

--- Page 9 ---
We are growing in digital and social media — channels that drive 
expenses as we work to comply with regulatory changes. Some 
meaningful client connections and help us learn what they want 
of these expenditures will be funded through re-engineering 
from their bank.
7) Attract, develop and retain the best talent. Here we have 
another built-in advantage. Citi’s global presence, long history, 
iconic brand, and breadth and depth of relationships and 
products offer employees — actual and potential — an 
 unequaled chance to hone their skills, learn new markets and 
projects, cost savings and other efficiencies. But the goal for 
every dollar we spend is to maintain our momentum and 
competitive edge, capture more market share and grow 
organically in priority markets. We are working hard and smart 
to position our company for the future.
work in a variety of businesses. The best talent in the industry 
Conclusion
knows this and is attracted to come and work for us. We will 
build on that advantage with world-class learning and 
 development offerings that support employees in their current 
jobs and prepare them for future roles. We also are focusing on 
our on-campus recruiting efforts to share the best of what Citi 
can offer and engage the interest and commitment of the most 
capable students around the world. And we are developing 
future leaders, building our pipeline of leadership talent to 
execute our strategy and fuel our growth in the future. The 
foundation we are laying today will help us retain our edge 
years down the road.
8) Promote financial inclusion. Part of the mission of any 
financial institution should be to promote financial inclusion —
and it is for us. The Citi Foundation partners with and supports 
a variety of non-profit organizations that work to bring  financial 
services within reach of the world’s 2.5 billion unbanked. We 
also work through our business lines to promote financial 
inclusion through various for-profit initiatives. We will allocate 
greater time and resources to mapping our strategy and 
execution plans to become the leading financial institution in 
promoting financial inclusion.
We are in the process of making carefully planned, long-term 
investments to support these priorities — and to attract new 
customers, provide exceptional service, deepen client 
 relationships, and create new and innovative products and 
services. These investments include adding new branches, 
ATMs and personal bankers in our priority cities around the 
world. We are upgrading our technology platforms in both our 
consumer and institutional businesses to improve the customer 
experience and create new efficiencies. We are hiring 
 corporate, investment and private bankers to help our clients 
We had a good year. Our task for the future is to ensure that  
we have even better years to come — by serving clients,  
building value for all our stakeholders and practicing 
 Responsible Finance.
I know we can do it because of what I already have seen our 
people accomplish. Their tireless work helped us get through 
the crisis. Moving Citi into the next phase will not be any easier. 
The best players in any business always expect the competition 
to be fierce and the challenges to be daunting. But our people 
are up to the task, and I thank them for their hard work 
throughout last year and all the effort that I know is to come.  
I also want to thank our Directors for their support and trust 
and for their continuing guidance.
I want, once again, to thank the American taxpayers for their 
steadfast support during and after the financial crisis. 
 Accepting their assistance was not something we ever 
 envisioned having to do, and it certainly was not something we 
wanted to do. But it enabled us to continue to provide our 
millions of retail, corporate and public sector clients with 
 uninterrupted service and helped to stabilize the financial 
system. I’m proud that Citi was able to provide the taxpayers 
with a substantial return on their investment. We paid the 
money back, but our debt of gratitude remains.
Finally, I want to thank you — my fellow shareholders — for your 
support as well. We know full well that you can choose where to 
invest your money. That you chose to trust us with your 
hard-earned savings is the most profound statement of support 
any of us working for this company could imagine. Our mission 
every day is to earn, and to deserve, your continued trust.
seize new opportunities. In our GTS business, we are expanding 
Sincerely,
into more markets and creating new products. We are investing 
in our people across the board by implementing more training 
and development programs. And we are increasing our 
 marketing efforts globally.
In some cases, these investments will require upfront costs, 
with returns realized only over time. We also will incur new 
Vikram S. Pandit
Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc. 
7
