
--- Page 12 ---
The Goldman Sachs Business Principles
We constantly strive to anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services 
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of ﬁnance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive conﬁdential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a conﬁdence or to use 
conﬁdential information improperly or 
carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to expand 
our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other ﬁrms.
Integrity and honesty are  
at the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they do, 
both in their work for the ﬁrm and in 
their personal lives.
Our clients’ interests  
always come ﬁrst. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own  
success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difﬁcult to restore. We 
are dedicated to complying fully with 
the letter and spirit of the laws, rules 
and ethical principles that govern us. 
Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior 
returns to our shareholders. 
Proﬁtability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Signiﬁcant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety 
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way may 
still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to ﬁnd a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves 
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured in 
billions of dollars, we select our people 
one by one. In a service business,  
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best ﬁrm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and 
we have yet to ﬁnd the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able 
to assume. For us to be successful, 
our men and women must reﬂect the 
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means 
we must attract, retain and motivate 
people from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is  
not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put their 
personal interests ahead of the interests 
of the ﬁrm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the ﬁrm and the intense effort  
they give their jobs are greater  
than one ﬁnds in most other 
organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our clients 
could contemplate, yet small enough to 
maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and the 
esprit de corps that we all treasure and 
that contribute greatly to our success.
10  Goldman Sachs 2018 Annual Report

--- Page 13 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street
New York, N.Y.
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class:
Name of each exchange on which registered:
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.20%
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50%
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375%
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K
Depository Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.30%
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series N
See Exhibit 99.2 for debt and trust securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. È
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
Smaller reporting company ‘
Emerging growth company ‘
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ‘ Yes È No
As of June 30, 2018, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
$82.2 billion.
As of February 8, 2019, there were 368,272,261 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group,
Shareholders are incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2019 Annual Meeting of

--- Page 15 ---
T H E G O L D M A N S A C H S G R O U P ,
A N N U A L R E P O R T O N F O R M 1 0 - K F O R T H E F I S C A L Y E A R E N D E D D E C E M B E R 3 1 , 2 0 1 8
I N C . A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S
INDEX
Form 10-K Item Number
Page No.
Page No.
Item 7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations
Introduction
Executive Overview
Business Environment
Critical Accounting Policies
Recent Accounting Developments
Use of Estimates
Results of Operations
Balance Sheet and Funding Sources
Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital
Regulatory Matters and Other Developments
45
45
46
47
48
50
50
50
63
68
72
Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 74
Risk Management
Overview and Structure of Risk Management
Liquidity Risk Management
Market Risk Management
Credit Risk Management
Operational Risk Management
Model Risk Management
Item 7A
76
76
81
88
93
99
101
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 102
PART I
Item 1
Business
Introduction
Our Business Segments
Investment Banking
Institutional Client Services
Investing & Lending
Investment Management
Business Continuity and Information Security
Employees
Competition
Regulation
Executive Officers of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Available Information
Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the U.S. Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995
Item 1A
Risk Factors
Item 1B
Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2
Properties
Item 3
Legal Proceedings
Item 4
Mine Safety Disclosures
PART II
Item 5
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Item 6
Selected Financial Data
1
1
1
1
1
2
4
4
5
5
5
6
20
20
21
22
43
43
44
44
44
44
44
Goldman Sachs 2018 Form 10-K
