
--- Page 2 ---
The Goldman Sachs Business Principles
We constantly strive to anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services 
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of finance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a confidence or to use 
confidential information improperly or 
carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to expand 
our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other firms.
Integrity and honesty are  
at the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they do, 
both in their work for the firm and in 
their personal lives.
Our clients’ interests  
always come first. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own  
success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difficult to restore. We 
are dedicated to complying fully with 
the letter and spirit of the laws, rules 
and ethical principles that govern us. 
Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior 
returns to our shareholders. 
Profitability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Significant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders. 
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety 
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way may 
still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to find a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves 
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured in 
billions of dollars, we select our people 
one by one. In a service business,  
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and 
we have yet to find the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able 
to assume. For us to be successful, 
our men and women must reflect the 
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means 
we must attract, retain and motivate 
people from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is  
not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put their 
personal interests ahead of the interests 
of the firm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the firm and the intense effort  
they give their jobs are greater  
than one finds in most other 
organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our clients 
could contemplate, yet small enough to 
maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and the 
esprit de corps that we all treasure and 
that contribute greatly to our success.

--- Page 3 ---
Fellow Shareholders:
We started 2016 with concerns about global economic growth, leading some  
to comment that the world was headed into a recession. While those concerns 
moderated in the second quarter and the global economic outlook improved  
in the second half, other concerns drew to the forefront. Few predicted with 
conviction the outcome of the United Kingdom’s referendum on remaining a 
part of the European Union, the results of the presidential election in the  
United States or the markets’ reactions to either event. 
In last year’s letter, we characterized 2015 as a “tale of 
two halves.” That was certainly true again in 2016, but 
in reverse order. As our clients — and by extension, the 
firm — navigated the challenging operating environment 
in the first half, our net revenues declined by 28 percent 
year over year for the period, with the majority of that 
decline occurring in the first quarter. As conditions 
improved in the second half, so did client sentiment. As  
a result, net revenues increased by nearly 16 percent year 
over year in the second half, including two consecutive 
quarters of more than 11 percent annualized return on 
average common shareholders’ equity.
The events of the past year are a stark reminder of how 
quickly expectations and conditions can change, and  
of the importance for us to be nimble and to concentrate  
on the things we can control. Despite the difficult start  
to the year, we remained focused on our clients and 
operating efficiently, without surrendering the ability  
to pursue potential opportunities. For the full year, the  
firm generated net revenues of $30.6 billion, net earnings 
of $7.4 billion and diluted earnings per common share  
of $16.29. Our return on average common shareholders’ 
equity was 9.4 percent.
Despite our focus on cost discipline, we did not stop 
investing in our franchise — including investments  
in technology, attracting and retaining top talent, and 
seeking new business opportunities, including our 
efforts to expand our lending footprint, most notably 
through Goldman Sachs Bank USA. We believe that  
our consistent investment in our franchise positioned  
us to serve our clients when activity increased in the 
back half of 2016.
Managing the firm with discipline while preserving 
optionality for upside can be a difficult balancing act.  
We do not hold preconceived expectations for certain 
outcomes, but rather approach our own operations  
with the same mindset we do when helping our clients.  
We spend a great deal of time thinking about and 
preparing for downside scenarios, but we are always 
cognizant that the economy, markets and sentiment  
could break to the high side, and we position ourselves 
for that possibility.
We believe our client franchise benefits from our 
consistent commitment to being a diversified and 
dependable provider of services. 
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report 
1 

--- Page 4 ---
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer 
(center)
David M. Solomon 
President and  
Co-Chief Operating Officer 
(left)
Harvey M. Schwartz 
President and  
Co-Chief Operating Officer 
(right)
2
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report

--- Page 5 ---
In this year’s letter to our shareholders, I will discuss these 
and other topics, including our financial profile and the 
state of our businesses.
Financial Profile
Given the challenging operating environment in the first 
half of 2016, we undertook steps and actions consistent 
with the difficult conditions. 
For the first quarter of 2016, with net revenues down  
by 40 percent year over year, we accrued compensation 
and benefits expenses 40 percent lower year over year. 
We ended the year with net revenues and compensation 
and benefits expenses nine and eight percent lower than 
2015, respectively.
We also completed an initiative that identified a 
reduction of approximately $900 million in annual 
run rate compensation during the year, in which we 
realized approximately $500 million, net of severance 
and other related costs, during 2016. Including these 
efforts, we have announced and completed $2.8 billion 
in savings initiatives since 2011. This demonstrates 
how our flexible cost base helps us navigate challenging 
operating environments.
The impact of our efforts can be seen by comparing our 
results in 2016 to 2011. 2011 was an instructive year — 
as it was a tough net revenues year, similar to 2016. In 
2011, we had net revenues of approximately $29 billion 
with operating expenses of approximately $23 billion. 
Our compensation and benefits to net revenues ratio  
was more than 42 percent and our pre-tax margin was 
over 21 percent. 
In 2016, despite higher net revenues, our operating 
expenses were down by 10 percent vs. 2011, our 
compensation and benefits to net revenues ratio was 
down by 400 basis points and our pre-tax margin was 
more than 12 percentage points higher. This reflects a  
lot of the firm’s work in cost discipline and provides 
significant operating leverage for the future.
Our cost savings efforts in 2016 were part of a broader 
focus on efficiencies. For example, over the past five  
years we have grown our head count in our Salt Lake City 
office by nearly 80 percent, making it our fourth-largest 
location globally.
In terms of our capital and liquidity, our balance sheet 
has never been more conservatively positioned as a 
result of adjustments we have made to adapt to new 
regulations since the financial crisis. By almost all 
measures, Goldman Sachs, and the broader financial 
system, is safer. For example, our Global Core Liquid 
Assets have increased by almost four times, our common 
shareholders’ equity has nearly doubled and our gross 
leverage has been cut by more than one-half since the  
end of 2007.
Moreover, we have reduced our balance sheet size by 
seven percent over the past five years, while increasing 
our common shareholders’ equity by 13 percent and our 
book value per common share by 40 percent. Over the 
same period, we have returned nearly $32 billion of 
capital to shareholders through buybacks and dividends, 
reducing our basic share count by more than 100 million 
shares, or approximately 20 percent, to the lowest ever.
Importantly, while these efforts helped us to strengthen 
our balance sheet, they did not detract us from remaining 
focused on sustaining and improving the quality of our 
client franchise. 
Investment Banking
Our investment banking franchise reflects deep 
relationships with more than 8,000 clients across a 
variety of industries in approximately 100 countries.
We ended the year ranked first in global announced  
and completed mergers and acquisitions, advising on 
many of the year’s most significant transactions. As  
has long been the case, our advisory franchise creates 
other opportunities across the firm, such as in debt 
underwriting, which is able to serve our clients with  
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report 
3 
 

--- Page 6 ---
best-in-class debt financing capabilities. Our financial 
advisory net revenues declined compared to a strong 
2015, partially offset by record debt underwriting net 
revenues of $2.5 billion. In fact, we ended the year 
ranked in the top five in global debt and in the top three  
in global high-yield — areas where we traditionally  
have not had the same footprint as some of our  
larger competitors. We also continued to maintain  
a leading equity underwriting franchise, though net 
revenues declined significantly in 2016 as a result of  
the operating environment.
Nevertheless, we ended the year strong, as our investment 
banking transaction backlog grew in the fourth quarter.
Both hedge funds and active managers could face a  
much different and more attractive market environment 
in 2017. To the extent decreasing market correlations 
translate into a better backdrop for generating outsized 
performance, that should also support increasing levels  
of client activity.
Despite the headwinds that marked the start of 2016,  
ICS net revenues were down modestly compared to 2015. 
FICC net revenues increased slightly year over year, 
which is notable given market conditions in the first 
quarter. Equities client execution net revenues declined 
significantly year over year, driven by lower client 
activity levels.
Institutional Client Services
Investment Management
With a leading, diversified global platform in Institutional 
Client Services (ICS), comprising our Fixed Income, 
Currency and Commodities Client Execution (FICC) and 
Equities franchises, we are one of the few firms that have 
remained committed to serving our clients’ needs broadly 
across financial products, services and regions. 
We did not extrapolate from the exceptional conditions  
of the past several years to draw hard and fast 
conclusions about the FICC franchise. These conditions 
included interest rates near or below zero, a flat yield 
curve and muted economic growth. That is why we put  
a premium on maintaining our commitment to businesses 
that we knew were important to our clients.
We have a diverse client franchise, and one area of 
particular strength has long been our standing with the 
hedge fund community. Our product diversity, global 
footprint, world-class prime brokerage capabilities, and 
engagement strategy based on content are of particular 
value to hedge fund clients. 
Over the past few years, we also have made it a key 
priority to deepen relationships with more traditional 
asset managers. As an example of our progress, we have 
seen market share improvements in our U.S. cash credit 
businesses, where asset managers have historically 
been active.
Our broad portfolio of solutions and consistent 
performance have enabled us to be one of the fastest-
growing active investment managers in the world.  
Our product offerings range from asset and liability 
management for our private wealth clients, to tailored 
advisory solutions for our institutional clients, to fund 
products across all asset classes.
Net revenues declined year over year in 2016, due  
largely to lower incentive fees. However, even in a more 
challenging environment, we have continued to build  
our franchise. Over the past three years, we have grown 
our assets under supervision by $337 billion to a record 
of nearly $1.4 trillion. That growth would be akin to 
creating a top 30 U.S. asset manager in just three years, 
and includes $150 billion of organic active long-term  
net inflows. During this period, many active investment 
managers have seen net client outflows.
Despite such growth, we continue to see significant 
potential as investors consolidate assets with leading 
providers. There are bigger players within each of the 
product categories in which we compete, offering room 
to garner more market share. We will pursue that growth 
by providing clients with comprehensive advice, thought 
leadership and innovative products that will help them  
to better meet their investing needs.
4 
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report

--- Page 7 ---
Investing & Lending
Focus on Technology
Investing & Lending is a collection of activities that  
is synergistic with other elements of our overall  
franchise, helping us to expand our client relationships. 
We continue to provide long-term capital by way of 
direct lending and equity investments, and remain focused 
on opportunities that provide strong risk-adjusted  
returns on capital over the long term. 
Growing Our Lending Footprint
In particular, we continue to see lending as a growth 
opportunity for the firm. Approximately one-third  
of our 2016 net revenues in Investing & Lending was 
generated by debt securities and loans, which included 
more than $1 billion in net interest income.
Over the past four years, we increased our funded  
loans 2.8 times to roughly $64 billion. Corporate loans, 
diversified across sectors and industries, make up  
46 percent of the portfolio, followed by private wealth 
management loans at 32 percent and real estate loans  
at 17 percent. We continue to see increased demand  
from our investment banking and private wealth 
management clients, and we are intent on prudently 
increasing our lending portfolio.
This past fall, we launched Marcus: By Goldman  
Sachs — an online lending platform designed to provide 
consumer clients with an alternative to higher-interest-
rate credit card debt. The growth in digital finance, 
combined with our historical strength in technology and 
risk management, led us to see an opportunity to add 
value to this attractive new market for Goldman Sachs.
By most measures, the opportunity is broad and deep. 
The unsecured consumer loan market in the U.S. is 
roughly $850 billion. We are focused on creditworthy 
consumers with $5,000 to $30,000 of credit card debt, 
the majority of whom are not aware of better debt 
management options. We have received encouraging 
feedback from our new clients as we have slowly built 
out the business, and continue to see potential for 
attractive risk-adjusted growth opportunities.
Technology is central to every part of our business. 
Simply put, it is a core competitive advantage that drives 
long-term value in several ways — namely, through 
enhancing our clients’ experience, driving efficiency  
and creating new opportunities, like Marcus.
Our investment in our Marquee platform, a collection  
of applications for our institutional clients, represents 
one such cutting-edge opportunity. Marquee allows 
clients to access some of the same analysis and risk 
management tools our market makers use.
More broadly, we are investing in infrastructure  
to improve our electronic execution capabilities, 
including for systematic investing clients who require 
speed and differentiated execution, and for straight-
through processing. 
We have also made successful investments in electronic 
execution platforms. Our global infrastructure, as a 
result of this and other investments, is now capable of 
executing equity and select FICC transactions in a much 
more efficient manner. Importantly, all of our clients —
not just our clients with quantitative strategies — enjoy 
the benefits of better execution.
We have likewise integrated technology into our recruiting 
processes, in particular to facilitate first-round video 
interviews with the goal of widening and diversifying the 
pool of talent we evaluate. For 2017’s intern class, so far we 
have conducted interviews with candidates from more than 
900 schools, reaching 100 more schools than last year.
Our People
Of course, our most important long-term competitive 
advantage is our people. Our commitment to attracting 
and retaining the most talented people in our industry — 
and beyond — is of vital importance to the firm and  
the perennial foundation of our success.
We must be diverse and representative of the countries 
and cultures in which we operate. Our people represent 
more than 160 different nationalities and speak over  
100 different languages.
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report 
5 
 

--- Page 8 ---
I am pleased to report that Goldman Sachs remains  
a highly attractive place to work. In 2016, our summer 
internship and full-time campus applicants rose by  
11 percent. We had approximately 130,000 applicants 
for just 5,000 internship and full-time campus roles — 
approximately a four percent hiring rate. In addition,  
of those who received offers, approximately eight out of  
10 accepted. And, in 2016, we were proud to be named 
as one of Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to 
Work For.” Goldman Sachs is one of only five companies 
to be recognized every year that the Great Place to  
Work Institute has issued its list since 1984.
Given the growing significance of technology in how  
we operate our businesses, we have increasingly been 
focused on hiring individuals with backgrounds in 
science, technology, engineering and math (STEM).  
In 2016, 37 percent of new campus analysts who joined 
the firm came from these STEM majors. Today, 
approximately 9,000 people, or roughly one-quarter  
of the firm, work in various engineering-related roles.
More broadly, our people continue to see the value of a 
long-term career at Goldman Sachs. The median tenure 
of our partners and managing directors at the firm is 15 
years, and nearly 60 percent of them joined the firm as an 
analyst or associate (our entry level positions). 
To ensure that the talent we hire is the talent we keep 
over the long term, we invest hundreds of thousands  
of training hours in our new analysts, and provide 
thousands of classroom programs and digital resources 
for senior professionals.
Executive Succession and  
Our Deep Leadership Bench
In 2016 and the early part of this year, we saw a number 
of movements in our leadership ranks, as well as a key 
addition to our Board of Directors. As chairman and 
chief executive officer, in consultation with our Board  
of Directors, one of my most important priorities is 
smooth and effective leadership transitions.
6 
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report
This past December, then–U.S. President-elect Donald 
Trump appointed Gary Cohn, then our president and 
chief operating officer, director of the National Economic 
Council. Gary was responsible for developing and 
leading many of the firm’s most important initiatives,  
and demonstrated a deep commitment to our clients,  
our people and the culture of Goldman Sachs. We thank  
him for having served as a trusted advisor, dedicated 
colleague and friend to so many at the firm, and  
wish him well.
David Solomon, our former co-head of the Investment 
Banking Division, and Harvey Schwartz, our chief 
financial officer, assumed new responsibilities as 
presidents and co-chief operating officers of the firm.  
In addition, Marty Chavez, chief information officer,  
was named deputy chief financial officer of Goldman 
Sachs and will become chief financial officer.
This past year was also marked by some senior 
retirements from the firm. Michael “Woody” Sherwood, 
vice chairman of the firm and co-chief executive officer  
of Goldman Sachs International, and Mark Schwartz, 
chairman of Goldman Sachs Asia Pacific and vice 
chairman of the firm, announced their retirements 
following decades of service. We wish both Woody and 
Mark all the best in the years ahead and thank them for 
their extraordinary contributions to Goldman Sachs.
Richard Gnodde, co-head of the Investment Banking 
Division and chief executive officer of Goldman Sachs 
International, and Pablo Salame, co-head of the Securities 
Division, were appointed vice chairmen of the firm. 
David, Harvey, Marty, Richard and Pablo have a long 
track record of distinction in their respective areas of 
expertise, spanning multiple businesses and geographies. 
In December, we welcomed a new member to our  
Board of Directors. Ellen Kullman is an accomplished 
business leader who has held a variety of senior roles at 
E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, including as 
chairman and chief executive officer. We are confident 
that her deep experience in business and as a board 
member in both the public and nonprofit sectors will  
add great value to our Board of Directors.

--- Page 9 ---
Our Tradition of Leadership  
and Public Service
Gary was not the first person from Goldman Sachs to 
join the government, and we hope and expect that he  
will not be the last. Five of my most recent predecessors 
went into government service, and that has not been  
by happenstance. One ethic that has long pervaded 
Goldman Sachs is a commitment to public service if  
one is given the opportunity to serve. And that has been 
true over time and in many of the geographies in  
which we operate.
We recruit people who are oriented to the larger world, 
and their jobs require them to be both outwardly and 
inwardly facing. In the process, they develop the skills  
to make a contribution in large, complex organizations 
and the expertise to help drive economic progress and 
job creation.
We have been criticized for the fact that some of our 
colleagues, after long careers at the firm, have moved  
to work in the public sector. The charge is that Goldman 
Sachs is able to extract certain advantages that others 
cannot. In fact, the opposite is true. Those in government 
bend over backward to avoid any perception of favoritism.
We are proud of our tradition of leadership and public 
service and believe it is a core part of our culture. That  
is why we will continue to encourage our people to 
contribute to government service if they are fortunate 
enough to be asked. 
We also have contributed our expertise and knowledge  
to broader public policy issues, such as fiscal policy.  
And, when certain issues impact our people, we have not 
hesitated to speak up on their behalf. In the past, we have 
commented on marriage equality, and more recently, 
immigration policy, because they both affect our ability 
to hire and retain people from the broadest pool of 
talent. We will continue to express our views on policies 
that affect our people, our business and the long-term 
interests of economic growth. 
Our Commitment to Our Communities
Goldman Sachs has long embraced our responsibility  
to help address social and economic challenges around 
the world. Our approach goes far beyond the significant 
financial support we provide to a broad array of 
philanthropic endeavors; we also make meaningful 
contributions that harness our business expertise, 
relationships and knowledge to address critical needs  
in the communities in which we work and live —  
and sometimes far beyond.
10,000  Women
Since 2008, the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women initiative 
has helped foster economic growth by providing women 
entrepreneurs in 56 countries with business education 
and access to capital. The initiative is now expanding to 
reach more than 10,000 women through a first-of-its-
kind global finance facility launched in partnership with 
the International Finance Corporation to increase access to 
capital for women entrepreneurs to grow their businesses. 
By the end of 2016, the facility had committed more than 
$600 million to banks in 17 emerging markets, which 
will enable more than 30,000 women entrepreneurs to 
access capital.
10,000 Small Businesses
10,000 Small Businesses has served more than 7,300 
small businesses at 31 sites across the United States and 
the United Kingdom by the end of 2016. This initiative 
has worked with more than 100 local and national 
lenders and other organizations to provide access to 
management training, capital and business support 
services. Independent evaluations of the program have 
shown that participants consistently increase revenues 
and create net new jobs at a pace that outperforms  
the broader economy.
Goldman Sachs Gives
Through this donor-advised fund, partners at the firm 
recommend grants to nonprofit organizations around the 
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report 
7 
 

--- Page 10 ---
Economic growth was showing signs of improvement, 
even before the election. U.S. interest rates are poised  
to rise, as policymakers digest improving economic 
indicators, while other global markets hold steady  
or even engage in stimulus, creating opportunities  
for investors in monetary policy divergence. 
More durable market trends may yet emerge and spur 
healthier levels of client activity. Looking ahead to 2017, 
Goldman Sachs remains committed to working with our 
clients and leveraging the resources of the firm to help 
them achieve their objectives, while creating long-term 
value for shareholders.
I believe that our client franchise is as strong as it  
has ever been. We have transformed our balance sheet  
in ways that help us better weather challenging 
environments, while allowing us to pivot in times  
of higher client activity. We have prudently managed  
our operating expenses and capital, building significant 
operating leverage.
By staying true to our strategic focus, I am confident  
we can continue to generate industry-leading returns  
for shareholders and outperform over the long term.
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
world. Since its launch in 2010, the fund has made more 
than 28,000 grants totaling nearly $1.2 billion through 
the end of 2016 to 5,600 organizations that further 
Goldman Sachs Gives’ mission of fostering innovative 
ideas, and solving economic and social issues. Grants 
from Goldman Sachs Gives have recently supported  
the Middle East refugee crisis, STEM education for 
underserved youths globally, medical research across a 
variety of fields, and need-based financial aid at colleges 
and universities globally, to name a few key initiatives.
Looking Ahead
We often say that no one has a crystal ball. Markets 
change course at a moment’s notice, and in response  
to factors no one can predict with any certainty. Cycles 
come and cycles go. But, if we manage our business with 
discipline and preserve our flexibility for upside, we can 
put ourselves in the best position to meet the needs of  
our clients and to grow our franchise.
We have long maintained that it is important to remain 
active and invested in our core businesses, despite cyclical 
pressures, both as we respond in the short term and 
orient ourselves for the horizon. In the past decade or so, 
some in our industry pulled back from sales and trading 
businesses that, to some, seemed to be permanently and 
negatively affected by market conditions, regulatory 
change and other factors.
We remained committed to the value we provide clients 
in those businesses across cycles. It is difficult to know 
how effective we have been at achieving the balance 
between cutting costs and investing in businesses until  
the cycle fully turns. Regardless of which way the future 
breaks, we do, however, see many reasons for optimism. 
Putting aside one’s individual politics, the outcome of  
the U.S. election raises the possibility of more stimulative 
tax and regulatory policies, as well as plans for more 
infrastructure spending. This represents a substantial 
change in direction for the U.S., and offers many 
investors and companies a reason for optimism. 
8 
Goldman Sachs 2016 Annual Report

--- Page 11 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street
New York, N.Y.
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class:
Name of each exchange on which registered:
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.20%
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50%
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375%
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K
Depository Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.30%
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series N
See Exhibit 99.2 for debt and trust securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of the Annual Report on
Form 10-K or any amendment to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. È
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È
Smaller reporting company ‘
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ‘ Yes È No
As of June 30, 2016, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
$59.3 billion.
As of February 10, 2017, there were 398,377,814 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group,
Shareholders are incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of
