
--- Page 17 ---
15
15
Our Purpose
We aspire to be the world’s most exceptional financial institution, united by our shared values of partnership,  
client service, integrity and excellence.
Our Core Values
We distilled our Business Principles into 4 core values that inform everything we do:
Partnership    Client Service    Integrity    Excellence
Goldman Sachs Business Principles
Our clients’ interests always  
come first.
Our experience shows that if we serve our 
clients well, our own success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation.
If any of these is ever diminished, the last is  
the most difficult to restore. We are dedicated 
to complying fully with the letter and spirit 
of the laws, rules and ethical principles that 
govern us. Our continued success depends 
upon unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior  
returns to our shareholders.
Profitability is critical to achieving superior 
returns, building our capital, and attracting and 
keeping our best people. Significant employee 
stock ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the professional 
quality of our work.
We have an uncompromising determination to 
achieve excellence in everything we undertake. 
Though we may be involved in a wide variety  
and heavy volume of activity, we would, if it 
came to a choice, rather be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do.
While recognizing that the old way may still 
be the best way, we constantly strive to find a 
better solution to a client’s problems. We pride 
ourselves on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have become 
standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to identify and 
recruit the very best person for every job.
Although our activities are measured  
in billions of dollars, we select our people one 
by one. In a service business, we know that 
without the best people, we cannot be the  
best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity to 
move ahead more rapidly than is possible  
at most other places.
Advancement depends on merit and we have 
yet to find the limits to the responsibility our 
best people are able to assume. For us to 
be successful, our people must reflect the 
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means we must 
attract, retain and motivate people from many 
backgrounds and perspectives. Being diverse  
is not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork in  
everything we do.
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team effort 
often produces the best results. We have  
no room for those who put their personal 
interests ahead of the interests of the firm  
and its clients.
The dedication of our people to the firm 
and the intense effort they give their jobs 
are greater than one finds in most other 
organizations.
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve.
We want to be big enough to undertake the 
largest project that any of our clients could 
contemplate, yet small enough to maintain the 
loyalty, the intimacy and the esprit de corps 
that we all treasure and that contribute greatly 
to our success.
We constantly strive to anticipate the 
rapidly changing needs of our clients and to 
develop new services to meet those needs.
We know that the world of finance will not 
stand still and that complacency can lead to 
extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal  
client relationships.
To breach a confidence or to use confidential 
information improperly or carelessly would be 
unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive,  
and we aggressively seek to expand our 
client relationships.
However, we must always be fair competitors 
and must never denigrate other firms.
Integrity and honesty are at the  
heart of our business.
We expect our people to maintain high  
ethical standards in everything they do,  
both in their work for the firm and in their 
personal lives.

--- Page 18 ---
ANNUAL REPORT 2022
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
NOTES ABOUT THE LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Forward-Looking Statements 
This letter contains forward-looking statements, including statements about our financial targets, business initiatives, operating expense savings and 
sustainability goals. You should read the cautionary notes on forward-looking statements in our Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022.
1 
2 
 Data as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2019. Total shareholder return is sourced from Bloomberg. All other data is sourced from 
company filings. Peers include MS, JPM, BAC, C.
 ROTE is calculated by dividing net earnings applicable to common shareholders by average monthly tangible common shareholders’ equity.  
Tangible common shareholders’ equity is calculated as total shareholders’ equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. 
Management believes that ROTE is meaningful because it measures the performance of businesses consistently, whether they were acquired or 
developed internally and that tangible common shareholders’ equity is meaningful because it is a measure that the firm and investors use to assess 
capital adequacy. ROTE and tangible common shareholders’ equity are non-GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP 
measures used by other companies. The table below presents a reconciliation of average common shareholders’ equity to average tangible  
common shareholders’ equity.
$ in millions
Total shareholders’ equity 
Preferred Stock
Common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Identifiable intangible assets
    Average for the Year Ended December
2022
$ 115,990
)
(10,703
105,287
(5,726
(1,583
) 
)
2021
$ 101,705
(9,876
)
91,829
(4,327
(536
) 
)
2020
$    91,779
)
(11,203
80,576
(4,238
(617
) 
)
Tangible common shareholders’ equity
$    97,978
$    86,966
$    75,721
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
 Source: Dealogic
    Revenue wallet share 2022 vs. 2019. Data based on reported revenues for Advisory, Equity underwriting, Debt underwriting, FICC and Equities.  
Total wallet includes GS, MS, JPM, BAC, C, BARC, CS, DB, UBS.
    Source: Top 100 client list and rankings compiled by GS through Client Ranking/Scorecard/Feedback and/or Coalition Greenwich 1H22 Institutional 
Client Analytics Global Markets ranking. Baseline comparative result not adjusted for provider changes.
    Rankings as of 4Q22. Peer data compiled from publicly available company filings, earnings releases and supplements, and websites, as well as 
eVestment databases and Morningstar Direct. GS total Alternatives investments of $450 billion at year end 4Q22 includes $263 billion of Alternatives 
AUS and $187 billion of non-fee-earning Alternatives assets.
    Loans include bank loans and mortgages; exclude margin loans. Penetration measures PWM accounts with bank loan/mortgage products  
vs. total accounts.
    Includes both Ultra High Net Worth and High Net Worth client assets within Private Wealth Management and Workplace and Personal Wealth. 
Consists of AUS and brokerage assets.
    Based on reported FY 2022 Investment Banking revenues. Peers include MS, JPM, BAC, C, BARC, CS, DB, UBS.
    Sourced from company filings. Peers include MS, JPM, BAC, C.
 
 
 

--- Page 19 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street, New York, NY
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K
5.793% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II
Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III
Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due March 2031 of GS Finance Corp.
Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due May 2031 of GS Finance Corp.
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Trading
Symbol
GS
GS PrA
GS PrC
GS PrD
GS PrJ
GS PrK
Exchange
on which
registered
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
GS/43PE NYSE
GS/43PF NYSE
GS/31B
GS/31X
NYSE
NYSE
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☒ Yes ☐ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ Yes ☐ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒
Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐
Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery
analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes ☒ No
As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $101.1 billion.
As of February 10, 2023, there were 335,423,289 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by
reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
