
--- Page 2 ---
The Goldman Sachs Business Principles
We constantly strive to anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services 
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of finance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a confidence or to use 
confidential information improperly or 
carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to expand 
our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other firms.
Integrity and honesty are  
at the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they do, 
both in their work for the firm and in 
their personal lives.
Our clients’ interests  
always come first. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own  
success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difficult to restore. We 
are dedicated to complying fully with 
the letter and spirit of the laws, rules 
and ethical principles that govern us. 
Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior 
returns to our shareholders. 
Profitability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Significant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders. 
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety 
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way may 
still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to find a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves 
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured in 
billions of dollars, we select our people 
one by one. In a service business,  
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and 
we have yet to find the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able 
to assume. For us to be successful, 
our men and women must reflect the 
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means 
we must attract, retain and motivate 
people from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is  
not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put their 
personal interests ahead of the interests 
of the firm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the firm and the intense effort  
they give their jobs are greater  
than one finds in most other 
organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our clients 
could contemplate, yet small enough to 
maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and the 
esprit de corps that we all treasure and 
that contribute greatly to our success.

--- Page 3 ---
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer 
(right)
Gary D. Cohn 
President and  
Chief Operating Officer 
(left)
Fellow Shareholders:
For much of the last year, the global economy grew in fits 
and starts. In the United States, the economic recovery 
accelerated, evidenced by a steadily improving labor market. 
In Europe, challenges remained pronounced as growth  
was constrained. And in Asia, conditions slowed in both 
China and Japan.
Different countries are clearly at different stages of the 
economic cycle, and the interconnectedness of these 
economies has made the transition to growth somewhat 
extended, choppy and, oftentimes, unpredictable. As a 
result, client activity was uneven across regions and  
asset classes.
CEO confidence improved and merger and acquisition  
(M&A) volumes, in particular, rebounded. However, client 
volumes remained generally lower across our Institutional 
Client Services business. Despite uneven conditions, we  
are pleased to report that Goldman Sachs performed well, 
generating solid results for the year. Our performance 
benefited from the strength of our global client franchise, 
diversity of our largely institutional set of businesses and  
our culture of adaptability.
For 2014, the firm produced net revenues of $34.53 billion 
and net earnings of $8.48 billion, a five percent increase from 
$8.04 billion of net earnings in 2013. Diluted earnings per 
common share were $17.07 compared with $15.46 for 2013. 
Our return on average common shareholders’ equity (ROE) 
was 11.2 percent. Book value per common share increased  
by seven percent during 2014 and has grown from $20.94  
at the end of our first year as a public company in 1999 to 
$163.01, a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 
15 percent over this period. Our capital management in 2014 
reflected a prudent approach as our capital ratios continued 
to improve despite returning $6.5 billion to common 
shareholders through share buybacks and dividends.
In our previous letter to shareholders, we discussed our 
focus on driving returns in a challenging macroeconomic 
environment. At the same time, we emphasized the need  
to protect our ability to provide significant upside to our 
shareholders as the economic cycle turns.
The basis for meeting these goals rests on a strong financial 
profile and a sustained operating discipline. Our capital and 
liquidity levels help ensure stability during periods of market 
stress and position the firm to add value to our clients when 
they need it most. And, generating operating efficiency has 
bolstered our capacity to improve returns consistently, despite 
the lackluster operating environment of recent years.
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report 
1 
 

--- Page 4 ---
Letter to Shareholders
Against this backdrop, in this year’s letter, we would like to review our fi nancial 
strength and the benefi ts embedded in our business model. We will also discuss 
our operating strategy in the recent environment and our major businesses with 
a focus on their competitive positions and opportunities for growth. Finally, we 
will update you on our efforts to protect and sustain our culture of client focus 
and teamwork, as well as the important progress being made across our 
corporate engagement initiatives.
Financial Profi le
Since the end of 2007, our balance sheet is down by nearly one-quarter, while 
our common equity is up 85 percent. As a result, gross leverage has been cut 
by more than one-half. Our liquidity is approximately three times higher than the 
end of 2007, representing more than 20 percent of our total balance sheet at 
the end of 2014. And, less liquid level 3 fi nancial assets are down nearly 
40 percent over this period.
As represented in the charts on the right, our balance sheet measures have 
improved across the board. As a result, we have demonstrated our ability to 
meet or exceed the requirements of various regulations, including Basel III 
capital, the supplementary leverage ratio and the liquidity coverage ratio.
The combination of a solid fi nancial foundation and a focused operating strategy 
provides the ability to adapt quickly. Our balance sheet is less than one-half the 
size of the peer average.* And, our total staff level is less than 20 percent of the 
peer average. We are an institutional client fi rm, with a broad range of services. 
Our retail clients are largely high-net-worth individuals, with an average account 
size of more than $40 million. In short, we are not simple, but we are simpler.
Our strong and stable fi nancial footing has given us the wherewithal to stay 
committed to our core set of businesses over the cycle. We work with tens 
of thousands of companies, institutions, investing entities, governments and 
high-net-worth individuals around the world.
Partly because we have remained focused on executing our strategy through 
our core businesses, we have grown our client franchise over the last several 
years. Institutional Client Services, for example, has seen an approximately 
10 percent increase in active clients since 2010.
Our mix of businesses refl ects the diverse needs of our clients. And, the 
products and services we provide produce a diverse and balanced 
revenue stream.
In addition to better revenue stability, we have benefi ted from a variable cost 
structure. We have long had a “pay for performance” culture. The bottom chart 
depicts the strong correlation between the fi rm’s performance and its levels of 
compensation and benefi ts expense.
To us, this graph underscores the value of a true partnership culture. Culture is 
not preordained or guaranteed in perpetuity. Since we became a public company, 
we have invested an enormous amount of time and resources to sustain our 
* U.S. peers include BAC, C, JPM and MS.
2 
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report
Signifi cantly Improved 
Financial Profi le
Balance Sheet
4Q07
4Q14
$1,120bn
-24%
$856bn
Common Equity
4Q07
4Q14
$40bn
+85%
$74bn
Gross Leverage
4Q07
26.2x
-61%
4Q14
10.3x
Liquidity
4Q07
4Q14
$61bn1
+3.0x
$183bn
Level 3 Assets
4Q07
4Q14
$69bn
-39%
$42bn
1  Refl ects loan value
Net Revenues and Compensation 
and Benefi ts Expenses
2000 –2014
R2 = 91%
$50
$50
$40
$40
$30
$30
$20
$20
$10
$10
$0
$0
00
02
04
06
081
10
12
14
 Firmwide Net Revenues    
 Compensation
1  2008 includes the fi rm’s fi scal year-ended November 2008 
and the month of December 2008.

--- Page 5 ---
culture. Rigorous partner selection and aligning 
compensation with long-term performance reinforce  
an ethos of long-term ownership.
The combination of a diverse set of businesses,  
effective risk management and a “pay for performance” 
culture has produced a track record of lower earnings 
volatility than our peers. From 2005 through 2014,  
Goldman Sachs’ net earnings to common volatility  
averaged roughly 50 percent vs. 130 percent for peers.
Our relative earnings stability is critical to our ability to 
outperform throughout the cycle. We performed when 
conditions were challenged and we also performed when 
the environment was more favorable.
Against the backdrop of relatively consistent revenues,  
we have performed well across several key metrics.
Compared to 2012, earnings per share is 21 percent higher, 
book value per share is 13 percent higher and our common 
stock dividends per share have grown 27 percent. Over this 
three-year period, we have returned $16 billion via share 
repurchases, while maintaining stronger capital ratios.
Net revenues were roughly flat over the past three years. 
But, that’s not the story. Since 2012, we undertook several 
strategic initiatives to respond to new regulations, including 
higher capital requirements. We sold a majority stake  
in both our Americas reinsurance business and our European 
insurance business — and we liquidated our investment  
in the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. We also  
sold our hedge fund administration business and our 
REDI platform.
In 2012, these businesses and investments produced 
$2.3 billion in net revenues. So, on a “like-for-like” basis,  
net revenues in 2014 were about $2.7 billion higher than 
2012. Investment Management and Investment Banking 
contributed $2.4 billion to this growth.
We have grown revenues while managing expenses and 
capital. Our average compensation and benefits to net 
revenues ratio from 2009 through 2014 was more than  
900 basis points lower than it was from 2000 through  
2007, despite a tougher revenue environment.
We have been equally focused on capital efficiency. We  
have developed technology to help inform our capital 
allocation decisions. The combination of our profitability and 
risk management allowed us to pay out roughly 70 percent 
of our net earnings to common shareholders since the 
beginning of 2009 and basic share count has declined by  
17 percent since the end of that year. Since the end of 1999, 
our basic share count is seven percent lower, while our 
common equity is actually more than seven times higher.
These efforts not only protected near-term returns, they 
have also positioned the firm to benefit from operating 
leverage when the environment improves.
As the cycle turns, our strategic focus shifts to growing 
revenues and the ability to deliver greater operating leverage 
to our shareholders through margin expansion. In that vein, 
we want to review our businesses and opportunities.
Investment Banking
In Investment Banking, we have the preeminent client 
franchise. We advised on more than $1 trillion of announced 
transactions last year, the highest level since 2007. We have 
maintained a leading market share over the last 25 years.  
We maintained our market position when M&A activity was 
dominated by technology in 1999, by financials in 2008  
and by natural resources in 2014.
And, we have maintained our position when volumes were 
low and when they were higher. Our performance carries 
through to different industries, market environments and 
regions. Our success is rooted in decades of investment, 
consistency of coverage and a broad client franchise by  
both industry and geography.
We see a number of growth opportunities on the horizon. 
Global economic growth continues to be the biggest driver 
of the opportunity set. In 2014, global M&A volume as a 
percentage of market capitalization was roughly 100 basis 
points below the 15-year average. Returning to the historical 
average would drive $630 billion of incremental M&A volume.
We are particularly well-positioned for growth in cross-border 
activity given our global footprint. And, we believe that the 
demand for funding and capital remains highly correlated to 
economic growth and broader corporate activity.
Institutional Client Services
In Institutional Client Services, we benefit from having  
both a leading fixed income franchise and a leading equities 
franchise. And, we have a global footprint. While having a 
diversified mix of businesses supports revenue stability, it is 
also crucial to driving stable and attractive margins. We also 
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report 
3 
 

--- Page 6 ---
Letter to Shareholders
have a balance of activities and products that are “high” 
capital and “low” capital intensive.
Institutional Client Services is one of our most dynamic 
businesses. It has always been in a state of evolution.  
The introduction of new regulations has accelerated the 
evolution in certain areas, including market structure.  
As a consequence, the value placed on adaptability and 
operational excellence has significantly grown.
Regulatory requirements and technological investments  
have raised the barriers to entry higher than at any other  
time in recent history. This is an expensive business to be  
in if you don’t have the market share and scale. Consider  
the numerous business exits that have been announced by 
our peers, as they reassess their competitive positioning  
and relative returns.
Longer term, we believe that the value being placed on 
liquidity provisioning is likely to grow, especially in the 
context of a more rational marketplace. This provides an 
opportunity for market share expansion for those firms with 
strong, global and stable client franchises. Technological 
innovation will continue to be important and may increasingly 
become a differentiator amongst competitors and a potential 
driver of new or incremental revenues. Going forward, we 
believe that these requirements will likely lead to only a 
handful of players being able to effectively compete on  
a global basis.
Investing & Lending
Another core part of our mission and strategy is to provide 
promising businesses with the capital they need to grow. 
Sometimes that means offering a loan and, other times,  
it means making an equity investment. We are able to 
leverage our global investor network and invest alongside 
these clients in industries that create jobs and promote 
economic growth.
These loans and commitments include major infrastructure 
projects, clean energy and technology companies, and 
cutting-edge healthcare businesses. Including our own 
commitments, during 2014 we closed on more than 
$15 billion of debt and equity capital raised in private  
equity and credit funds.*
Our ability to provide equity capital has been important to 
growing companies. We have a diversified portfolio of 
  *  Fees generated through the management of client assets in such funds are included in Investment Management.
 **  Performance calculated using period-end data for global long-term fund assets (non-money market) for all share 
classes ranked by Morningstar.
4 
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report
companies which helps drive strong performance for  
both our co-investors and shareholders. For example, 
between 2012 and 2014, our private equity and credit funds 
distributed more than $40 billion. And generally, our 
co-investors are clients of the firm, whether it is with 
Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services or 
Investment Management.
We will continue to invest and grow our existing investment 
strategies. At the same time, we will seek growth in new 
regions and across new strategies.
Lending has become an increasingly important part of our 
strategy as it relates to corporate, real estate and private 
wealth clients.
Our private wealth commitments and lending portfolio has 
been a particular source of significant growth. The portfolio 
benefits from both the level of collateralization and the fact 
that borrower credit quality for our average private wealth 
client is extremely high.
We see an opportunity to continue to grow our lending 
activities in ways that are accretive to current returns. Since 
2012, we’ve made great strides in this business, growing 
lending by roughly 100 percent. As we grow, we maintain 
our same conservative and rigorous risk management 
policies to ensure quality and prudence.
Investment Management
We have made significant progress in our Investment 
Management business over the last few years. Assets under 
supervision have grown 32 percent since 2011 to nearly  
$1.2 trillion at the end of 2014. Still, we are only the 
10th-largest asset manager globally, so there is significant  
room for growth. Within fixed income products, we are 
approximately 40 percent of the size of the largest peer.  
Within equities products, we are about one-quarter of the 
size of our largest competitor. And for alternatives, we are 
approximately two-thirds the size of the largest peer.
We remain focused on delivering strong performance for 
clients, which has already driven meaningful growth. At  
the end of last year, 83 percent of our client mutual fund 
assets ranked in the top two quartiles on a 3-year basis,  
and 75 percent ranked in the top two quartiles on a 5-year 
basis.** In 2014, Investment Management attracted over 
$85 billion in fee-based assets organically.

--- Page 7 ---
We also see attractive opportunities to expand our private 
wealth management platform. Among the distinguishing 
characteristics of this franchise is its connectivity to our 
investment banking efforts, which serves as an important 
sourcing mechanism. For example, the opportunity for our 
private wealth clients to invest in Facebook and Uber 
originated from a banking relationship.
We continue to invest in long-term strategic initiatives,  
like advisory, defined contribution, insurance and private 
banking. We have also looked for accretive acquisitions, 
having recently bought Deutsche Asset & Wealth 
Management’s stable value business and Dwight Asset 
Management. Performing for our clients and expanding  
our product offerings will help support continued growth 
going forward.
Our People
This year, we marked our 145th anniversary as a firm. 
Over that time, our people and culture have helped define 
our success. We place a huge priority on preserving and 
enhancing a tangible environment of teamwork, client 
focus and long-term stewardship. We are proud that these 
attributes are as strong and vibrant as ever.
In terms of recruiting, in 2014, nearly 270,000 applicants 
applied for 8,300 positions. And, of those receiving offers, 
nearly 90 percent chose to come to Goldman Sachs.
In November 2014, we announced our newest class of  
78 partners. The rigor and focus surrounding this biennial 
process is intense and that investment continues to pay 
dividends. The partnership is vital to helping ensure a real 
sense of long-term ownership.
For all of our people, we continue to invest in a workplace 
environment, including programs and training, which has 
consistently earned the firm recognition as one of the  
most attractive places to work.
In 2014, we were proud to be named as one of Fortune 
magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Goldman 
Sachs is one of only five companies to be recognized every 
year that the Great Place to Work Institute has issued its list 
since 1984. And for nine consecutive years, the firm has 
been named to Working Mother magazine’s “100 Best 
Companies,” which ranks companies with the best programs 
that support working parents.
Few people have contributed more to our culture and 
generations of leaders at Goldman Sachs than John 
Whitehead. Earlier this year, John passed away. We honor 
his achievements and contributions in service to his  
country and our firm. John was a man of enormous grace 
and integrity, and his legacy will endure in the institutions  
he led and in the lives of those he cared for and mentored. 
We highlight John’s extraordinary contributions later in  
the Annual Report.
Our Board of Directors
We were also deeply sad to lose our former lead director, 
Jim Schiro, to cancer. Jim joined our Board of Directors in 
May 2009, and was elected lead director and named chair  
of the Corporate Governance, Nominating and Public 
Responsibilities Committee in May 2012.
Jim was an outstanding Board member and an exceptional 
individual who made an invaluable contribution to our firm 
and to all those who worked with him. We will remember 
him for his unfailing commitment to Goldman Sachs and 
to our shareholders and for the example he set as a leader 
and mentor.
He lived his life to make a difference and the mark he has 
left on institutions and people is powerful. Jim was 
methodical and careful, yet expansive and philosophical.  
He understood the black and white of the numbers better 
than anyone, but appreciated the human element better 
than most.
For a lot of his tenure on our Board, our firm faced tough 
scrutiny. He gave us the confidence to be proactive and to 
deal forthrightly with the issues we were confronting. He 
asked probing questions that always got to the heart of the 
matter. Jim had an enormous impact on Goldman Sachs,  
and on our leadership team. He made us a better company, 
and, for all those he worked with, better people.
Following Jim’s retirement, Adebayo Ogunlesi was appointed 
lead director and chair of the Corporate Governance, 
Nominating and Public Responsibilities Committee.
Adebayo is the managing partner and chairman of Global 
Infrastructure Partners, a private equity firm that invests 
worldwide in infrastructure assets. Previously, he held 
various positions at Credit Suisse Investment Bank (and 
predecessor firms), including as executive vice chairman  
and head of global investment banking. Adebayo’s extensive 
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report 
5 
 

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to Shareholders
knowledge of finance and global capital markets provides 
valuable insight and direction for our Board.
After 12 years of distinguished service, Claes Dahlbäck 
decided to retire from the Goldman Sachs Board of Directors 
this coming May.
Claes’ global experience, independent and wise judgment 
and quiet leadership made him an invaluable voice on our 
Board. His deep understanding of global markets, our 
business and our culture has benefited the firm enormously.
We thank him for his unfailing commitment to our 
shareholders and our people.
We are pleased to announce two additions to our Board of 
Directors, Mark Flaherty and Mark Winkelman.
Mark Flaherty has more than 20 years of experience in 
investment management. He served as vice chairman of 
Wellington Management Company before retiring in 2012. 
Previously, he was director of the company’s global 
investment services from 2002 to 2012, and served as 
partner and senior vice president from 2001 to 2012.
Mark Winkelman currently serves on the Board of Directors 
of Anheuser-Busch InBev. From 2006 to 2008, he served as 
operating partner of J.C. Flowers & Co. Previously, Mark  
held several leadership positions at Goldman Sachs before 
retiring from the firm in 1994, including co-head of the Fixed 
Income Division. During the course of his career, Mark has 
demonstrated exceptional judgment, market knowledge  
and risk management.
We know that our Board, our shareholders and our people 
will benefit from their deep and varied understanding of 
economies, global markets and the financial 
services industry.
Corporate Engagement
Throughout the year, Goldman Sachs continued to engage 
on broader public policy matters that have the potential to 
spur economic growth and stability. In June, we convened 
the North American Energy Summit to discuss how to 
maximize the economic benefits of North American energy 
resources through enhanced regional integration and 
cooperation. Policymakers and corporate and NGO leaders 
examined the impact of relevant geopolitical, economic  
and environmental factors around the enormous energy 
opportunity that will continue to have a profound influence 
on the global economy.
6 
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report
We hosted the China-U.S. CEO Bilateral Investment  
Dialogue in Beijing and later in New York, bringing CEOs of 
some of the largest Chinese and U.S. companies together 
with policymakers to discuss how to encourage more 
cross-border trade and investment. Our collective futures are 
dependent on the relationship between the U.S. and China, 
and there’s nothing more important to that relationship than 
advancing the mechanisms for more economic activity 
between these two countries.
And, as explained below, we attended various 10,000  
Small Businesses graduations across the U.S. At each  
event, whether it was in Detroit, Los Angeles or Miami,  
we saw how the combined impact from know-how and 
confidence can advance people and the local economy. And, 
with each entrepreneur we meet through 10,000 Women, 
we recognized how a practical business education and, 
increasingly, effective access to capital can transform a small 
business and consequently a family and a community.
10,000 Small Businesses
10,000 Small Businesses continued to help small business 
owners grow and create jobs through access to business 
and management education, business services and capital. 
By year’s end, 10,000 Small Businesses was operating in  
23 sites in the U.S. and U.K. and had served over 4,000 
entrepreneurs. In the U.S., we launched a new site in Dallas/
Fort Worth as well as the inaugural cohort of a new national 
partnership that allows qualified small business owners from 
across the U.S. to receive training both online and at Babson 
College. This innovative model has extended the reach of 
10,000 Small Businesses to business owners in 45 states 
across the U.S.
Stimulating Small Businesses Growth, a report released  
in 2014 from lead academic partner Babson College, 
demonstrates the impact of the program. Within six months 
of graduating, 64 percent of U.S. participants have reported 
increasing their revenues and 45 percent reported creating 
net new jobs. We are proud that the program maintains a  
99 percent graduation rate and graduates have developed  
a strong marketplace among themselves, as 80 percent of 
participants have done some form of business with 
another graduate.
10,000 Women
10,000 Women launched an important new partnership in 
2014 with International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member 
of the World Bank Group, to create the first-ever global 

--- Page 9 ---
finance facility dedicated exclusively to women-owned small-  
and medium-sized enterprises. The facility is a $600 million 
effort to enable approximately 100,000 women entrepreneurs 
to access capital. Since its launch, seven transactions in 
seven countries, including China, Brazil and Kenya, have 
been closed, representing over $150 million in commitments.
10,000 Women remains committed to providing a business 
and management education, mentoring and networking to 
high-potential women entrepreneurs around the world. Since 
it was announced in 2008, the initiative has reached more 
than 10,000 women entrepreneurs from over 40 countries 
around the world. Delivered through a network of 90 
academic and nonprofit partners, 10,000 Women continues 
to yield promising results. Nearly 70 percent of surveyed 
graduates have increased revenues and 60 percent have 
added new jobs.
Goldman Sachs Gives
Goldman Sachs Gives is a donor-advised fund through  
which participating managing directors (PMDs) of the firm 
can recommend grants to qualified nonprofit organizations 
around the world. In 2014, PMD compensation was reduced 
by approximately $157 million related to Goldman Sachs 
Gives, $137 million of which was a charitable contribution in 
2014, and 4,400 grants totaling more than $146 million were 
made to nonprofit organizations assisting underserved 
people and communities across a range of areas. Since the 
Goldman Sachs Gives’ launch in 2010, approximately 19,000 
grants totaling more than $860 million have been made to 
various nonprofits in 45 countries.
A continuing focus for Goldman Sachs Gives is its support  
of need-based financial aid to more than 200 colleges and 
universities globally to ensure students are able to complete 
their college degrees. In particular, a number of the firm’s 
partners, including all of the U.S.-based members of our 
Management Committee, recently made individual Goldman 
Sachs Gives’ grant recommendations to support LaGuardia 
Community College, based in Queens, New York. These 
grants represent the largest private donation in the school’s 
history. In addition, the partners’ recommendations created 
the Goldman Sachs Community College Fund to provide 
need-based financial aid to additional community colleges 
around the country.
As part of the firm’s commitment to hire and retain veterans, 
and support the military community, Goldman Sachs Gives 
remains focused on making grants to honor service and 
veterans. Demonstrating Goldman Sachs Gives’ scope, during 
2014, it supported nonprofit activities in 29 countries — from 
building libraries in Cambodia, to fighting Ebola in Africa, to 
raising awareness of hunger issues in India, and advancing 
cancer research in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Looking Ahead
The global economic recovery remains fragile and geo-
political risk in Europe and the Middle East will continue to 
have varying degrees of influence on market sentiment.
Still, conditions at this point are more conducive for our set 
of businesses than in recent years. Job growth in the U.S. is 
strong and prospects for above trend GDP growth are good. 
CEO confidence is up and consumer sentiment is generally 
better. More than six years after the financial crisis, we are 
finally seeing dispersion in central bank policies, which, over 
time, may contribute to more normalized markets and levels 
of volatility.
Over the last few years, we have protected and expanded 
our client franchise across our major businesses. Our client 
franchise today is as strong as ever. We have transformed 
the financial profile of the firm. We have been proactive in 
managing our cost structure. We have significantly adjusted 
both compensation levels and fixed expenses.
We have been judicious managers of capital. We have 
maintained our culture of client service and partnership.  
We remain the employer of choice in our industry.
Taken together, we are confident that we have positioned 
the firm to provide operating leverage for our shareholders  
as the economy and opportunity set improves.
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary D. Cohn 
President and Chief Operating Officer
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report 
7 
 

--- Page 10 ---
8 
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report

--- Page 11 ---
TECHNOLOGY 
DRIVING INNOVATION, 
OPPORTUNITY  
AND TRANSFORMATION
Technological megatrends are transforming 
businesses, markets and entire economies
A t the 2014 Goldman Sachs Builders + Innovators Summit (B+I) honoring 
the 100 most intriguing entrepreneurs in the U.S., we brought together 
emerging business leaders and seasoned innovators to exchange ideas, 
insights and strategies. While the range of topics discussed were as 
compelling as the entrepreneurs themselves, the overarching theme 
emerging from the plenary sessions and informal conversations was that 
businesses across all industries must think of themselves as technology companies.
At B+I, each session returned to this central question concerning the role technology 
will play in shaping the business models and markets of tomorrow. We heard from 
athletic apparel executives on how wearables — devices worn on the body that 
measure physical activity — will reinvent their space; from healthcare innovators on  
the potential to connect tiny, ingestible sensors with users’ smartphones to track 
physiological data; and from medical entrepreneurs, outlining a new doctor-patient 
paradigm, with on-call medical experts and online behavioral therapies to enable people 
to more readily take charge of their own well-being and achieve healthier lifestyles.
Goldman Sachs 2014 Annual Report 
9 
 
