
--- Page 3 ---
(from left to right)
Denis Coleman 
Chief Financial Officer
David Solomon 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer
John Waldron 
President and Chief  
Operating Officer
Fellow Shareholders:
There’s no question 2021 was an extraordinary year. It was challenging for 
everyone — our clients, our people, our communities. But even in an incredibly 
dynamic market environment, our people came together, we stayed true to our 
strategy, we put our clients first and though we still have a lot of work to do,  
I’m proud of the fact that we delivered exceptional results to our shareholders.
Net revenues were $59.34 billion, net earnings were $21.64 billion and diluted earnings per common share was  
$59.45 — all records. Return on average common shareholders’ equity (ROE) was 23.0 percent, the highest since 2007, 
and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (ROTE)1 was 24.3 percent. 
It’s true the surge in capital markets activity was a big tailwind. The economy continued to recover from the short but 
severe recession that marked the pandemic’s early days, and the robust growth that followed put enormous pressure 
on supply chains, leading to levels of inflation not seen in decades. By year end, rate hikes were widely expected and 
markets entered a new period of uncertainty.
We don’t expect 2022 to look like 2021, especially as monetary policy tightens and fiscal policy becomes less 
supportive. But our confidence is as strong as it’s ever been that our strategy is working and that we can help our 
clients navigate whatever the future holds.
As we move into 2022, I want to thank the people of Goldman Sachs. Their hard work, dedication, creativity and 
resilience continue to drive our success. Everywhere I go, when I meet with clients, they talk about the caliber and 
commitment of our people. As many of our teams have returned to our offices around the world, we have had a chance 
to reconnect and rediscover what makes Goldman Sachs such an extraordinary firm — in particular our exceptional 
talent and our collaborative culture. 
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report 
1 
 

--- Page 4 ---
Progress is by no means a straight line, and we are staying 
nimble as we continue to bring our people together as 
much as possible. But we believe it’s important that the 
next generation of Goldman Sachs colleagues — many  
of whom are early in their careers — experience our 
apprenticeship culture firsthand as we work together  
to serve our clients. 
 “Unlocking the power of our 
franchise for our clients is not 
only driving growth in our core 
businesses, but also allowing 
new initiatives to scale…”
Building on the enormous progress we have made, I look 
forward to all that we will accomplish together in the  
year ahead. It is a great privilege to lead this remarkable 
organization, and I couldn’t be more grateful to our 
leadership team: our president and chief operating officer, 
John Waldron; our former chief financial officer (CFO), 
Stephen Scherr; our new CFO, Denis Coleman; and our 
entire Management Committee.
Unlocking the power of our franchise for our clients is  
not only driving growth in our core businesses, but also 
allowing new initiatives to scale and in the years ahead, 
we will continue to drive returns for our shareholders. 
Financial Performance
In 2021, all four of our business segments saw revenue 
growth year over year. Investment Banking generated 
record net revenues of $14.88 billion and ranked #1 in 
worldwide announced and completed M&A, equity and 
equity-related offerings, common stock offerings and IPOs.2 
Global Markets net revenues of $22.08 billion were the 
highest in 12 years. Asset Management generated record 
net revenues of $14.92 billion; with $2.5 trillion in firmwide 
assets under supervision (AUS), we are one of the largest 
Our Strategy to Produce Higher,  
More Consistent Returns
1. Grow and Strengthen Existing Businesses
2. Diversify Our Products and Services
3. Operate More Efficiently
2 
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report
David Solomon
active asset managers in the world. And Consumer & 
Wealth Management generated record net revenues of 
$7.47 billion, with over $1 trillion in total client assets.3
We believe book-value growth underpins the long-term 
value of any large, diversified financial institution and, in 
last year’s somewhat unique operating environment, we 
were able to grow our book value per common share by  
20.4 percent to $284.39. And though some of our businesses 
are more cyclical than others, we believe we can deliver 
returns for our shareholders in almost any environment.
Our Strategy
In January 2020, we laid out our three-part strategic plan: 
We were going to 1) grow and strengthen our existing 
businesses; 2) diversify our products and services; and  
3) operate our firm more efficiently, all in an effort to 
produce higher, more consistent returns. And though the 
market environment since then has looked nothing like 
what we expected, we’ve done very well: Today, we’re 
tracking more than 30 key performance indicators and  
we believe we will meet or exceed 95 percent of them.
Key to our success has been a renewed focus on clients. 
Through our One Goldman Sachs initiative, we are 
unlocking the power of our franchise by providing more 
comprehensive and integrated service while also using  
our network of clients to support our growth. For instance, 
over 90 percent of the clients on our Transaction banking 
platform already had relationships with the firm. Our 
progress confirms one of our core beliefs: that if you  
really take care of your clients, if you invest in those 
relationships and if you build trust over a long period  
of time, good things will happen. 

--- Page 5 ---
Confident in our strategy, we recently unveiled an updated 
set of financial targets. In the medium term,4 we believe 
we can achieve an ROE of 14–16 percent and an ROTE  
of 15–17 percent. We also reaffirmed our target efficiency 
ratio of approximately 60 percent. In addition, we 
announced that our target is to maintain our Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital ratio equal to the regulatory 
requirements plus a buffer of 50 to 100 basis points.
In addition to our firmwide targets, we unveiled an 
updated set of business-level targets tied to our growth 
strategy. Our new targets are $350 billion in organic, 
traditional, long-term fee-based AUS net inflows over  
the period from 2020 to 2024;5 $225 billion in gross 
alternatives fundraising over that same period; more  
than $10 billion in firmwide management and other fees 
in 2024, including more than $2 billion from alternative  
AUS; approximately $750 million in net revenues in 
Transaction banking in 2024; and over $4 billion in net 
revenues in Consumer banking in 2024.
Segment Performance
Our four segments create a very powerful ecosystem,  
and in 2021 they continued to grow. 
Investment Banking
We’ve been #1 in global completed M&A for 22 of the  
past 23 years and, in 2021, we were once again the advisor 
of choice. Net revenues were 58 percent higher than in 
2020, driven by record net revenues in both Financial 
advisory and Underwriting. Corporate lending net revenues  
were significantly higher as well. In the past two years, 
we’ve grown our wallet share by approximately 350 basis 
points6 and we still see ample room for growth: Our 
backlog was already high, but during 2021, it grew even 
more, putting us in a strong position for 2022.
Global Markets
Although market volatility declined in 2021, our clients 
continued to rely on us for risk management, financial 
intermediation and, increasingly, financing. Net revenues 
grew by 4 percent to $22.08 billion. In Fixed Income, 
Currency and Commodities (FICC), net revenues declined, 
but in Equities they grew by 20 percent. Since 2019, we’ve 
grown wallet share by approximately 250 basis points.7  
We’re in the top 3 with 72 of the 100 top institutional clients, 
up from 51 just two years ago.8 We also ended the year with 
record average balances in our prime services business. 
Asset Management
Net revenues grew by 87 percent, fueled by significantly 
higher net revenues in Equity investments and Lending 
and debt investments. Incentive fees rose, and Management  
and other fees were a record, reflecting higher average 
AUS. Growing these durable fees is an area of strategic 
focus. And in August 2021, we announced that we would 
acquire leading European asset manager NN Investment 
Partners (NNIP) in early 2022. NNIP’s world-class ESG 
capabilities and strong footprint in Europe will help  
us further strengthen what is already one of the leading 
asset management businesses in the world. 
Consumer & Wealth Management
We continue to empower our millions of clients and 
customers around the world to reach their financial goals. 
In 2021, net revenues grew by 25 percent to $7.47 billion. 
Net revenues in Wealth Management grew by 25 percent 
Medium-Term4 Firmwide Targets
Return on Equity
Return on Tangible Equity
Efficiency Ratio
14-16%
15-17%
~60%
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report 
3 
 

--- Page 6 ---
to a record $5.98 billion, fueled by higher average AUS, 
increased client demand for alternative investments and 
significantly higher net revenues in Private banking and 
lending. In Consumer banking, net revenues grew by  
23 percent to a record $1.49 billion, reflecting higher 
credit card and deposit balances.
Growth Initiatives
In 2021, we made good progress on our growth initiatives. 
In many instances, we met our medium-term goals ahead 
of schedule.
Transaction Banking
I hear from clients constantly that our innovative cloud-
based Transaction banking platform is a differentiator.  
We expanded to the U.K. in June 2021 and, today, we  
have approximately 350 corporate clients. To extend the 
platform’s reach, we’ve formed partnerships with 
American Express, Fiserv, Stripe and Visa; and less than 
two years in, we have already surpassed our previous 
five-year-plus target of $50 billion in deposits. Now our 
target for 2024 is to exceed $100 billion in deposits.  
Our progress has reinforced our confidence that we can 
serve this very large addressable market, and we believe  
it will be accretive to our ROE at scale.
Alternatives
Today, we are one of the top 5 alternative asset managers 
in the world.9 In 2021, we raised $67 billion in third-party 
capital across a diverse array of asset classes, including 
private equity, private credit, growth equity and real 
estate. That brings us to a total of $107 billion, over two- 
thirds of our previous five-year goal of $150 billion. As a 
result, we have set a new target for 2024 of $225 billion  
in gross alternatives fundraising. We’ve also made 
significant progress in harvesting our on-balance equity 
investments over the past two years, with roughly 
$12 billion in net dispositions since year-end 2019.
Wealth Management
We deliver a world-class, tailored wealth management 
offering to individuals, families, family offices and 
nonprofit institutions. In 2021, we had strong long-term 
fee-based AUS net inflows and continued to expand  
our global footprint. Our Wealth Management business 
comprises our premier Private Wealth Management 
4 
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report
business and our Personal Financial Management Group, 
which includes Ayco and Personal Financial Management 
(previously United Capital). Through Ayco we provide  
a wide variety of workplace solutions for 475 companies  
to a broad set of our corporate clients’ employees, 
personalized planning and advisory services for senior 
executives, as well as full-service, bespoke wealth 
management solutions for the C-suite.
Digital Consumer Banking
This year, we celebrated the five-year anniversary of our 
digital consumer banking platform, Marcus by Goldman 
Sachs, and in that time, we’ve made enormous progress. 
Our Consumer business has grown to serve more than 
10 million customers and $110 billion in deposits, and it  
is putting our customers at the center of everything we do, 
signified by winning several significant industry awards 
and recognitions from J.D. Power, Which? Awards and more. 
In September 2021, we announced an agreement to 
acquire GreenSky, the largest fintech platform for home 
improvement consumer loan originations, whose growing 
network of over 10,000 merchants will allow us to meet 
more customers where they transact. We launched critical 
product releases and features in 2021, including the 
Marcus app on the iOS app store in the U.K. and Apple Card 
Family Plan, and we launched the My GM Rewards Card in 
January 2022. We also look forward to launching our digital  
checking product in 2022, which will allow us to become 
the primary bank for our customers. 
Operating More Efficiently
In 2021, operating expenses were $31.94 billion,  
10 percent higher than in 2020, primarily because we 
increased our people’s compensation to reward their 
exceptional performance. While compensation and 
benefits expenses were up by 33 percent, our 2021 
compensation ratio net of provision for credit losses 
declined by 210 basis points from the prior year. It’s 
important to note that when this firm went public in  
1999, this ratio was over 50 percent. Since then, it has 
decreased by more than 20 percentage points. However,  
it is not as relevant a metric as it was before, as we are 
aiming for a 60 percent efficiency ratio target, and we’re 
managing both our compensation and non-compensation 
expenses fluidly.

--- Page 7 ---
We are a pay-for-performance culture; we reward our 
people who drive our growth. But we have a shareholder-
aligned compensation framework that relies heavily on 
equity awards to incentivize long-term value creation,  
and that compensation can be adjusted when performance  
is not as robust. 
Since January 2020, we have achieved approximately  
$1 billion of our planned $1.3 billion in annual run- 
rate expense efficiencies, and we expect to achieve the  
rest later this year. We have a flexible cost structure  
that enables us to make investments and support returns, 
including disciplined expense management, a focus  
on platforms and digitization, and a priority list of 
investment spending. 
Technology
This year showed how important engineering and 
technology will be to the future of Goldman Sachs.  
In 2021, we expanded our fully cloud-based digital 
businesses and features, including Apple Card Family Plan, 
My GM Rewards Card and Transaction banking. We also 
created a series of foundational cloud-based Developer 
platforms on which our businesses and our clients can 
easily build new applications. One of our most exciting 
announcements came in November, when we launched 
Financial Cloud Data at AWS re:Invent. This platform will 
offer GS Data and Analytics tools in the cloud to help 
developers build data-driven applications. And to support 
all these new offerings, we continue to strengthen the 
team by recruiting world-class engineering talent.
Our People and Our Culture
Goldman Sachs has long been known for the quality  
of its people, and our exceptional results in 2021 made  
clear just how differentiated they are. We have an 
abundance of talent, no doubt, but beyond that, we also 
have a distinctly collaborative culture, which we have 
worked hard to preserve over the course of the pandemic. 
We have welcomed thousands of new people to our firm  
in the past few years, and it was important to us that  
they experience firsthand what it’s like to build a career at 
Goldman Sachs. They are at a moment in their careers 
when learning from their team members and developing  
a network are crucial to their professional growth. And 
working together in person makes it far easier for us to 
pass on our core values of partnership, excellence, client 
service and integrity. 
Our people’s health and safety are our top priority,  
and while we are adapting our plans to the specific needs  
of each office location, we continue to make progress  
in bringing our people back together as much as safely 
possible. We will always give our people the flexibility  
they need to manage their lives, but throughout 2021,  
our experience showed that we are stronger when we’re 
together, and protecting and enhancing our culture  
will remain a focus for us as we enter 2022. 
Sustainability
In 2021, sustainability continued to gain momentum  
in the economy at large and, at Goldman Sachs, we  
made further progress toward our goal of supporting 
$750 billion in sustainable financing, investing and 
advisory activity by 2030. By year end, we had achieved 
approximately $300 billion of our goal, including 
$167 billion in climate transition, $50 billion in inclusive 
growth and the remainder in multiple themes, reflecting 
Sustainable Finance Commitment
2030 Target
$750B
commitment in financing, 
investing, and advisory activity 
across two core pillars of 
sustainable finance: climate 
transition and inclusive growth
$750B
Total Activity  
as of 12/31/21
~$300B
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report 
5 
 

--- Page 8 ---
2021 Managing Director Class
The most diverse class ever
Women 
Asian 
Black 
Hispanic/Latinx 
LGBTQ+  
30%
28%
5%
5%
3%
Global data based on self-identification information
our clients’ need for advice, capital and tools to support 
their sustainability goals.
In March 2021, we announced a commitment to align our 
financing activities with a net zero by 2050 pathway and 
unveiled interim business goals for three industries — oil 
and gas, power, and auto manufacturing — in our second 
annual Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
report, Accelerating Transition. As a financial institution, 
we believe the most meaningful role we can play in the 
global climate transition is to drive decarbonization in the 
real economy in partnership with our clients. This requires 
growing our commercial capabilities and investing in 
innovation. We also need reliable data, so we are working 
with corporate partners to develop a free, open source 
platform for climate-related data and to equip our  
clients with new impact-measuring tools, like our Carbon 
Portfolio Analytics in Marquee.
Still, we will not succeed in our effort unless the public  
and private sector work together. Financial institutions 
like ours need to direct capital to sustainable solutions  
in emerging markets. That’s why we’ve partnered with 
Bloomberg Philanthropies to launch a Climate Innovation 
Fund that will encourage public and private investment  
in clean energy projects across South and Southeast Asia.  
We also need thoughtful public policy that strikes a 
balance between current energy capabilities and support 
for new technology, as well as concrete measures that  
will accelerate a just and orderly transition.
6 
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report
After all, that’s what this is: a transition. We recognize the 
need to build a more sustainable planet, and we’re doing 
our part to help the world get there.
Diversity and Inclusion
Advancing diversity and inclusion is a top priority of mine. 
In 2021, we continued to make progress promoting change 
both in the world at large and within the firm. In July 
2021, we strengthened our board diversity requirement. 
We will now underwrite IPOs for companies in Western 
Europe and the U.S. only if they have at least two diverse 
board members, at least one of whom must be a woman. 
We also advanced progress on closing the opportunity gap 
through our investment and philanthropic efforts, such  
as the One Million Black Women initiative. In addition,  
we made headway with our hiring goals at the analyst, 
associate and vice president levels, and our 2021 managing  
director class was the most diverse to date. That said, we 
still have much work to do to build and retain a pipeline  
of diverse leadership, and we are hiring additional 
diversity recruiters, as well as expanding our sponsorship 
and development programs for diverse talent at the firm. 
One Million Black Women
In March 2021, we launched our newest initiative, One 
Million Black Women, with the goal of investing $10 billion 
to improve the lives of at least 1 million Black women  
by 2030. Since then we’ve made investments and grants 
laying the groundwork to directly impact the lives of over 
98,000 women across the country. In direct response to 
input received from nearly 20,000 Black women and girls, 
we recently announced two new programs, OMBW Black  
in Business, focused on Black women sole proprietors,  
One Million Black Women
•   Goal of investing $10 billion to improve the lives  
of at least 1 million Black women by 2030
•   Held more than 50 listening sessions with nearly 
20,000 Black women and girls across the U.S.
•   Launched new programs focused on Black 
women sole proprietors and nonprofit leaders

--- Page 9 ---
and OMBW Black Women Impact Grants, focused on  
access to multiyear funding for Black women nonprofit 
leaders. In addition, for the first time we will be providing 
capital for microloans through a new partnership with 
Grameen. Vital to this work has been our exceptional 
Advisory Council, which includes prominent Black leaders 
like Roz Brewer, CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance; Dr. Ruth 
Simmons, the president of Prairie View A&M University; 
Melanie Campbell, the president and CEO of the National 
Coalition on Black Civic Participation; and former Secretary 
of State Condoleezza Rice.
Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses
After having served more than 12,300 small businesses  
in all 50 states through our education program, our 
signature entrepreneurship initiative, Goldman Sachs 
10,000 Small Businesses, continues to expand. In 
September 2021, we launched 10,000 Small Businesses 
Fellows, a pilot workforce program that pairs community 
college students in four cities with small business alums 
of the 10,000 Small Businesses education program for 
semester-long, paid internships fully funded by the 
Goldman Sachs Foundation. In addition, our new advocacy 
initiative, 10,000 Small Business Voices, spoke up for 
graduates of our education program and worked with  
the Biden administration to expand the COVID Economic 
Injury Disaster Loan program and to reform the federal 
procurement process.
Looking Forward
As we look forward to 2022, I want to thank our clients  
for putting their trust in us and our people for their 
extraordinary commitment to the firm. After a record year, 
we enter the next phase of our growth strategy in a strong 
position. Our strategic plan is working, our renewed focus 
on clients is strengthening our franchise and, as always,  
our people are second to none. We are investing in the 
future of Goldman Sachs and as a result, the firm will 
continue to evolve. We have a long-term track record of 
producing value for shareholders, our leadership team is 
focused on continuing that record and we are excited  
by the opportunity ahead.
David Solomon 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Notes About the Letter to Shareholders
Forward-Looking Statements 
This letter contains forward-looking statements, including statements about our financial targets, business initiatives, operating expense savings and sustainability goals.  
You should read the cautionary notes on forward-looking statements in our Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021.
Endnotes
1   ROTE is calculated by dividing net earnings applicable to common shareholders by  
average monthly tangible common shareholders’ equity. Tangible common shareholders’ 
equity is calculated as total shareholders’ equity less preferred stock, goodwill and 
identifiable intangible assets. Management believes that ROTE is meaningful because  
it measures the performance of businesses consistently, whether they were acquired  
or developed internally, and that tangible common shareholders’ equity is meaningful 
because it is a measure that the firm and investors use to assess capital adequacy. ROTE  
and tangible common shareholders’ equity are non-GAAP measures and may not be 
comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies. The table below 
presents a reconciliation of average common shareholders’ equity to average tangible 
common shareholders’ equity:
$ in millions
Total shareholders’ equity
Preferred stock
Common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Identifiable intangible assets
Average for the Year  
Ended December 31, 2021 
$ 101,705
(9,876)
91,829
(4,327)
(536)
Tangible common shareholders’ equity
$
86,966
2  Source: Dealogic — January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021.
3   Total client assets includes AUS, brokerage assets and consumer deposits.
4   “Medium-term” refers to an approximately three-year time horizon.
5  Traditional AUS represents fixed income and equity assets.
6   Data based on reported revenues for Advisory, Equity underwriting and Debt  
underwriting. Total wallet includes GS, MS, JPM, BAC, C, DB, UBS, CS, BARC.
7   Data based on reported revenues for FICC and Equities. Total wallet includes GS,  
MS, JPM, BAC, C, DB, UBS, CS, BARC.
8   Sources: Top 100 client list and rankings compiled by GS through Client Ranking/  
Scorecard/Feedback and/or Coalition Greenwich 1H21 Institutional Client  
Analytics ranking.
9  Data as of 4Q21. Peer data compiled from publicly available company filings.
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report 
7 
 

--- Page 10 ---
Our Core Values and Business Principles
Our Core Values
We distilled our Business Principles into 4 core values that inform everything we do:
Partnership              Client Service              Integrity              Excellence
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured  
in billions of dollars, we select our 
people one by one. In a service business, 
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity  
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and  
we have yet to find the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able  
to assume. For us to be successful,  
our people must reflect the diversity  
of the communities and cultures in 
which we operate. That means we must 
attract, retain and motivate people 
from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is not 
optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put  
their personal interests ahead of the 
interests of the firm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the firm and the intense effort they 
give their jobs are greater than one 
finds in most other organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our 
clients could contemplate, yet small 
enough to maintain the loyalty, the 
intimacy and the esprit de corps that  
we all treasure and that contribute 
greatly to our success.
We constantly strive to anticipate  
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services  
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of finance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a confidence or to use 
confidential information improperly  
or carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to  
expand our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other firms.
Integrity and honesty are at  
the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they  
do, both in their work for the firm and  
in their personal lives.
Goldman Sachs Business Principles
Our clients’ interests always  
come first. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own success 
will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difficult to restore.  
We are dedicated to complying fully 
with the letter and spirit of the laws, 
rules and ethical principles that govern 
us. Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior  
returns to our shareholders. 
Profitability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Significant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety  
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way  
may still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to find a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves  
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
8 
Goldman Sachs 2021 Annual Report

--- Page 11 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street, New York, N.Y.
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading
Symbol
Exchange
on which
registered
GS
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
GS PrA
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
GS PrC
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
GS PrD
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J
GS PrJ
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K GS PrK
GS/43PE
5.793% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II
GS/43PF
Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III
GS/31B
Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due 2031 of GS Finance Corp.
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
Smaller reporting company ‘
Emerging growth company ‘
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. È
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ‘ Yes È No
As of June 30, 2021, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $127.4 billion.
As of February 11, 2022, there were 337,922,970 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are
incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.

--- Page 13 ---
T H E G O L D M A N S A C H S G R O U P ,
A N N U A L R E P O R T O N F O R M 1 0 - K F O R T H E F I S C A L Y E A R E N D E D D E C E M B E R 3 1 , 2 0 2 1
I N C . A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S
INDEX
Form 10-K Item Number
Page No.
Page No.
Item 7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations
Introduction
Executive Overview
Business Environment
Critical Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates
Recent Accounting Developments
Results of Operations
Balance Sheet and Funding Sources
Capital Management and Regulatory Capital
Regulatory and Other Matters
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
Risk Management
Overview and Structure of Risk Management
Liquidity Risk Management
Market Risk Management
Credit Risk Management
Operational Risk Management
Model Risk Management
Item 7A
58
58
59
60
60
63
63
64
79
82
87
89
90
90
96
102
106
114
116
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 117
PART I
Item 1
Business
Introduction
Our Business Segments
Investment Banking
Global Markets
Asset Management
Consumer & Wealth Management
Business Continuity and Information Security
Human Capital Management
Sustainability
Competition
Regulation
Information about our Executive Officers
Available Information
Forward-Looking Statements
Item 1A
Risk Factors
Item 1B
Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2
Properties
Item 3
Legal Proceedings
Item 4
Mine Safety Disclosures
PART II
Item 5
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
1
1
1
1
1
2
4
4
5
5
8
9
10
25
26
26
29
56
56
56
56
57
57
Goldman Sachs 2021 Form 10-K
