
--- Page 17 ---
15
Our Purpose
We	aspire	to	be	the	world’s	most	exceptional	financial	institution,	united	by	our	shared	values	of	partnership,	 
client service, integrity and excellence.
Our Core Values
We distilled our Business Principles into four core values that inform everything we do:
Partnership
Client
Service
Integrity
Excellence
Goldman Sachs Business Principles
Our clients’ interests always  
come first.
Our experience shows that if we serve our 
clients well, our own success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation.
If any of these is ever diminished, the last is  
the	most	difficult	to	restore.	We	are	dedicated	
to complying fully with the letter and spirit 
of the laws, rules and ethical principles that 
govern us. Our continued success depends 
upon unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior  
returns to our shareholders.
Profitability	is	critical	to	achieving	superior	
returns, building our capital, and attracting and 
keeping	our	best	people.	Significant	employee	
stock ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the professional 
quality of our work.
We have an uncompromising determination to 
achieve excellence in everything we undertake. 
Though we may be involved in a wide variety  
and heavy volume of activity, we would, if it 
came to a choice, rather be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do.
While recognizing that the old way may still 
be	the	best	way,	we	constantly	strive	to	find	a	
better solution to a client’s problems. We pride 
ourselves on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have become 
standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to identify 
and recruit the very best person for 
every job.
Although our activities are measured in billions 
of dollars, we select our people one by one. 
In a	service	business,	we	know	that	without	the	
best	people,	we	cannot	be	the	best	firm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places.
Advancement depends on merit and we have 
yet	to	find	the	limits	to	the	responsibility	
our best	people	are	able	to	assume.	For	us	
to	be	successful,	our	people	must	reflect	the	
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means we must 
attract, retain and motivate people from many 
backgrounds and perspectives. Being diverse  
is not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork in  
everything we do.
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged,	we	have	found	that	team	effort	
often produces the best results. We have  
no room for those who put their personal 
interests	ahead	of	the	interests	of	the	firm	 
and its clients.
The dedication of our people to the 
firm and the intense effort they give their 
jobs are greater than one finds in most 
other organizations.
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve.
We want to be big enough to undertake the 
largest project that any of our clients could 
contemplate, yet small enough to maintain the 
loyalty, the intimacy and the esprit de corps 
that we all treasure and that contribute greatly 
to our success.
We constantly strive to anticipate the 
rapidly changing needs of our clients  
and to develop new services to meet  
those needs.
We	know	that	the	world	of	finance	will	not	
stand still and that complacency can lead 
to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal  
client relationships.
To	breach	a	confidence	or	to	use	confidential	
information improperly or carelessly would 
be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive,  
and we aggressively seek to expand our 
client relationships.
However, we must always be fair competitors 
and	must	never	denigrate	other	firms.
Integrity and honesty are at the  
heart of our business.
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards	in	everything	they	do,	
both	in	their	work	for	the	firm	and	in	their	
personal lives.

--- Page 18 ---
NOTES ABOUT THE LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Forward-Looking Statements
This	letter	contains	forward-looking	statements,	including	statements	about	our	financial	targets,	business	initiatives,	capital	markets 
and M&A	activity	levels,	the	impact	of	AI	on	productivity,	the	potential	impact	of	changes	to	U.S.	regulatory	capital	rules,	and	interest	rate	and	inflation	
trends.	You	should	read	the	cautionary	notes	on	forward-looking	statements	in	our	Form	10-K	for	the	period	ended	December	31,	2023.	For	information	
about	some	of	the	risks	and	important	factors	that	could	affect	the	firm’s	future	results	and	the	forward-looking	statements,	see	“Risk Factors”	in	Part	I,	
Item	1A	of	the	firm’s	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023.
1.	
2.	
	Based	on	cumulative	publicly	disclosed	Investment	Banking	revenues	from	2020	to	2023.	Peers	include	MS,	JPM,	BAC,	C,	BARC,	DB,	UBS,	CS	
(through 2022).
	Rankings	as	of	4Q23.	Peer	data	compiled	from	publicly	available	company	filings,	earnings	releases	and	supplements,	and	websites,	as	well	as	
eVestment	databases	and	Morningstar	Direct.	GS	total	Alternatives	investments	of	$485	billion	as	of	4Q23	includes	$295	billion	of	Alternatives	 
assets	under	supervision	(AUS)	and	$190	billion	of	non-fee-earning	Alternatives	assets.
3. 
 Ranking for Advisory net revenues based on reported revenues (2003–2023). Ranking for equity and equity-related and high-yield debt 
underwriting	volumes	are	per	Dealogic	(January	1,	2023,	through	December	31,	2023).
4.	 Based	on	publicly	disclosed	FICC	and	Equities	revenues	for	2023.	Peers	include	MS,	JPM,	BAC,	C,	BARC,	DB,	UBS.
5.	
6. 
7.	
8.	
9. 
	Revenue	wallet	share	since	Investor	Day	2020	(2023	vs.	2019).	Based	on	reported	revenues	for	Advisory,	Equity	underwriting,	Debt	underwriting,	
FICC	and	Equities.	Total	wallet	includes	GS,	MS,	JPM,	BAC,	C,	BARC,	DB,	UBS,	CS	(through	2022).
 Source: Top 150 client list and rankings compiled by GS through Client Ranking / Scorecard / Feedback and / or Coalition Greenwich 1H23 and  
FY19 Institutional Client Analytics ranking.
	Historical	principal	investments	include	consolidated	investment	entities	and	other	legacy	investments	the	firm	intends	to	exit	over	the	medium	 
term (medium term refers to a 3–5-year time horizon from year-end 2022).
	Five-year	stock	price	return	as	of	December	31,	2023.	Peers	include	MS,	JPM,	BAC,	C.
 McKinsey & Company. “The economic potential of generative AI: The next productivity frontier.” June 14, 2023.
10.   Latham & Watkins, LLP. “The Basel III Endgame Proposal: Public Comments Snapshots.” February 2, 2024.

--- Page 19 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street, New York, NY
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K
5.793% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II
Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III
Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due March 2031 of GS Finance Corp.GS/
Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due May 2031 of GS Finance Corp.
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Trading
Symbol
Exchange
on which
registered
NYSE
GS
NYSE
GS PRA
GS PRC
NYSE
GS PRD NYSE
NYSE
GS PRK
GS/43PE NYSE
GS/43PF NYSE
NYSE
NYSE
31B
GS/31X
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☒ Yes ☐ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ Yes ☐ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒
Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐
Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☒
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes ☒ No
As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $106.2 billion.
As of February 9, 2024, there were 325,562,747 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by
reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
