
--- Page 12 ---
Our Core Values and Business Principles
Our Core Values
We distilled our Business Principles into 4 core values that inform everything we do:
Partnership              Client Service              Integrity              Excellence
Goldman Sachs Business Principles
Our clients’ interests always  
come first. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own success 
will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difficult to restore.  
We are dedicated to complying fully 
with the letter and spirit of the laws, 
rules and ethical principles that govern 
us. Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior  
returns to our shareholders. 
Profitability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Significant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety  
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way  
may still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to find a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves  
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured  
in billions of dollars, we select our  
people one by one. In a service business, 
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity  
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and  
we have yet to find the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able  
to assume. For us to be successful,  
our people must reflect the diversity  
of the communities and cultures in 
which we operate. That means we must 
attract, retain and motivate people 
from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is not 
optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put  
their personal interests ahead of the 
interests of the firm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the firm and the intense effort they 
give their jobs are greater than one 
finds in most other organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our 
clients could contemplate, yet small 
enough to maintain the loyalty, the 
intimacy and the esprit de corps that  
we all treasure and that contribute 
greatly to our success.
We constantly strive to anticipate  
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services  
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of finance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a confidence or to use 
confidential information improperly  
or carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to  
expand our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other firms.
Integrity and honesty are at  
the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they  
do, both in their work for the firm and  
in their personal lives.
Notes about the Letter to Shareholders
Forward-Looking Statements 
This letter contains forward-looking statements, including 
statements about our financial targets, business initiatives, 
and operating expense savings. You should read the 
cautionary notes on forward-looking statements in our  
Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020.
10  Goldman Sachs 2020 Annual Report
Endnotes
1  Source: Dealogic – January 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020.
2   Measured by reported revenues, per peer filings as of December 31, 2020. Peers include JPM, BAC, C, MS, CS, DB, and BARC.
3  Source: McKinsey institutional client analytics for 3Q20 YTD. Analysis excluded captive wallets.
4  Total client assets includes assets under supervision, brokerage assets, and consumer deposits.
5   Sources: Client Ranking/Scorecard/Feedback and/or McKinsey revenue ranking (data as of 1H20 or 3Q20, as applicable).
6   Represents bilateral referrals between Private Wealth Management and Personal Financial Management and eligible 
Corporate employees referred to Personal Financial Management.

--- Page 13 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street, New York, N.Y.
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading
Symbol
Exchange
on which
registered
NYSE
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
GS PrA NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
GS PrC NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
GS PrD NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J GS PrJ NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K GS PrK NYSE
GS PrN NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series N
GS/43PE NYSE
5.793% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II
GS/43PF NYSE
Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III
GS/21F NYSE
Medium-Term Notes, Series E, Callable Fixed Rate Notes due 2021 of GS Finance Corp.
FRLG NYSE Arca
Medium-Term Notes, Series E, Index-Linked Notes due 2028 of GS Finance Corp.
GS
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
Smaller reporting company ‘
Emerging growth company ‘
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. È
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ‘ Yes È No
As of June 30, 2020, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $67.6 billion.
As of February 5, 2021, there were 345,794,361 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are
incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.

--- Page 15 ---
T H E G O L D M A N S A C H S G R O U P ,
A N N U A L R E P O R T O N F O R M 1 0 - K F O R T H E F I S C A L Y E A R E N D E D D E C E M B E R 3 1 , 2 0 2 0
I N C . A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S
INDEX
Form 10-K Item Number
Page No.
Page No.
Item 7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations
Introduction
Executive Overview
Business Environment
Critical Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates
Recent Accounting Developments
Results of Operations
Balance Sheet and Funding Sources
Equity Capital Management and Regulatory Capital
Regulatory and Other Matters
53
53
54
55
55
57
57
58
72
75
79
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 83
Risk Management
Overview and Structure of Risk Management
Liquidity Risk Management
Market Risk Management
Credit Risk Management
Operational Risk Management
Model Risk Management
Item 7A
84
84
90
96
100
109
111
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 112
PART I
Item 1
Business
Introduction
Our Business Segments
Investment Banking
Global Markets
Asset Management
Consumer & Wealth Management
Business Continuity and Information Security
Human Capital Management
Competition
Regulation
Information about our Executive Officers
Available Information
Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the U.S. Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995
Item 1A
Risk Factors
Item 1B
Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2
Properties
Item 3
Legal Proceedings
Item 4
Mine Safety Disclosures
PART II
Item 5
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
1
1
1
1
1
2
4
4
5
5
7
8
23
24
24
26
51
51
52
52
52
52
Goldman Sachs 2020 Form 10-K
