
--- Page 8 ---
Strategic report
Group Chairman’s statement
As we signalled at our interim results, we are 
committed to ensuring our shareholders share 
the benefits of our improved performance. The 
Board approved a second interim dividend for 
2022 of $0.23 per share, bringing the full year 
dividend for 2022 to $0.32 per share. We are 
establishing a dividend payout ratio of 50%  
of reported earnings per share for 2023 and 
2024, excluding material significant items, and 
we aim to restore the dividend to pre-Covid-19 
levels as soon as possible. We also intend to 
return to paying quarterly dividends from the 
start of 2023.
Subject to completion of the planned sale  
of our banking business in Canada, the 
Board’s intention is to consider the payment  
of a special dividend of $0.21 per share as  
a priority use of the proceeds generated.  
A decision in relation to any potential dividend 
would be made following the completion  
of the transaction, currently expected in  
late 2023, with payment following in early 
2024. Any remaining additional surplus  
capital is expected to be allocated towards 
opportunities for organic growth and 
investment alongside share buy-backs,  
which would be in addition to any existing 
share buy-back programme. 
Board operations
In 2022, the Board met in person in London, 
Hong Kong, New York and Riyadh – on each 
occasion also undertaking a wide range of 
engagements with clients, colleagues, 
government officials and regulators. The 
importance of engaging with our teams was 
also underlined by the appointment of José 
(Pepe) Meade as Board member with specific 
responsibility for employee liaison. At the 
same time as holding some in-person 
meetings, the continued use of virtual 
meetings enabled us to retain the benefits  
of greater efficiency and reduced costs.
At the 2022 Annual General Meeting, Irene 
Lee and Pauline van der Meer Mohr stepped 
down from the Board. I am enormously 
grateful to them for their important and 
valuable contributions to the Board, the 
committees and the subsidiary entities on 
which they have served. Irene remains an 
independent non-executive Director of The 
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited and independent non-executive  
chair of Hang Seng Bank Limited. Geraldine 
Buckingham joined the Board as an 
independent non-executive Director on 1 May.
Following Ewen Stevenson’s departure, 
Georges Elhedery became Group Chief 
Financial Officer and joined the Board on  
1 January 2023. On behalf of the Board, I 
would like to again thank Ewen for all that  
he has done for the bank. His leadership, 
financial expertise and operational rigour  
have been invaluable to HSBC, and he  
leaves with our very best wishes.
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
The global economy remains volatile, but our strategy is 
delivering improved returns for shareholders and HSBC  
is well placed to compete as the economy recovers.
At the start of 2022, the ongoing impact 
of Covid-19 was the most dominant 
factor within the external environment. 
While further outbreaks in Hong Kong 
and mainland China significantly 
impacted economic growth, the Russia-
Ukraine war and rising inflation and 
interest rates had an even greater impact 
on the global economy in 2022. They are 
also likely to continue to have a greater 
economic impact than the pandemic in 
2023, as we are already seeing with a 
cost of living crisis affecting many of  
our customers and colleagues.
Strong financial performance and higher 
capital distributions
We supported our customers through the 
challenges that they faced at the same time as 
executing our strategic plan. The first phase of 
our transformation is now complete. The work 
that we have done has enabled us to emerge 
from the pandemic a stronger bank, better 
aligned to the international needs of our 
customers. 
The reshaping of our portfolio continued with 
the announcement of the planned sale of our 
banking business in Canada. We continued to 
develop our Wealth capabilities, especially in 
Asia, and this strategy gained traction in 2022. 
Our increased investment in technology has 
improved the customer experience and made 
our processes more efficient. Meanwhile, we 
continued to support our clients to transition 
to net zero, and also took further important 
steps towards our ambition of aligning our 
financed emissions to net zero by 2050. Given 
the urgency of today’s global energy crisis, it is 
now even more important that we continue to 
actively engage our clients on how they intend 
to prepare their businesses for a low-carbon 
future.
In 2022, reported profit before tax was 
$17.5bn, a decrease of $1.4bn compared with 
2021 due to the $2.4bn impairment on the 
planned sale of our French retail banking 
operations. Adjusted profit before tax was 
$24.0bn, an increase of $3.4bn on last year. All 
of our businesses grew profits in 2022, and we 
maintained our strong capital, funding and 
liquidity positions.
6
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

--- Page 9 ---
Group Chairman’s statement
” Given the urgency of 
today’s global energy 
crisis, it is now even  
more important that  
we continue to actively 
engage our clients on  
how they intend to 
prepare their businesses 
for a low-carbon future.”
We also recently announced some changes  
to the Board. Kalpana Morparia will join the 
Board as an independent non-executive 
Director on 1 March. Jack Tai will retire from 
the Board at the conclusion of the 2023 AGM, 
and will be succeeded as Chair of the Group 
Risk Committee by Jamie Forese. Jack has 
made a significant and important contribution 
during his time on the Board, particularly  
in the strengthening of risk and conduct 
governance and oversight through a period  
of major change. We wish him very well in  
his future endeavours. 
Noel and I were delighted to meet face-to-face 
with our loyal Hong Kong shareholders at our 
Informal Shareholders Meeting in August. We 
have always greatly valued their feedback and 
engagement, and this meeting was as well 
attended as ever. We were pleased to discuss 
how our business has performed, our 
continued support of Hong Kong, and our 
commitment to growing shareholder value. 
We look forward to continuing these 
discussions in person in 2023.
Our strategy is working 
There were reports over the course of last  
year about ideas for alternative structures for 
HSBC. The Board has been fully engaged in 
examining these alternatives in depth, with the 
benefit of independent third-party financial 
and legal advice. It has been, and remains,  
our judgement that alternative structural 
options would not deliver increased value for 
shareholders. Rather, they would have a 
material negative impact on value.
For 157 years, we have followed trade and 
investment flows to support our customers  
as they fulfil their financial ambitions. We  
have used our experience, expertise and 
relationships to help our customers to  
navigate the world. 
to individuals and companies of all sizes 
whose financial ambitions span multiple 
countries and regions. Very few, if any, other 
banks can rival our ability to connect capital, 
ideas and people through a global network 
that facilitates the international access and 
collaboration required to succeed in today’s 
world.
Our performance in 2022 demonstrates  
that our current strategy is working and 
improving returns. We are also confident  
that it will deliver good returns for our 
shareholders over the coming years. The 
Board and management team are fully 
focused on delivering it.
An uneven macroeconomic outlook 
We will need to maintain this focus against  
an uneven macroeconomic outlook. The 
pandemic, high inflation and interest rates, 
and the Russia-Ukraine war all have 
implications for the global economy, including 
volatility in markets, supply chain disruption, 
pressure on small and medium-sized business 
and squeezes on the cost of living. Different 
economies also now face different challenges 
and have different opportunities in 2023.
China’s reopening and package of measures 
to stabilise the property market should provide 
a significant boost for its economy and the 
global economy, albeit with some near-term 
volatility. Our economists forecast China’s 
GDP will grow 5% in 2023. The reopening of 
the border means that Hong Kong, and the 
entire Greater Bay Area, are likely to be major 
beneficiaries, and I expect to see a strong 
recovery.
More broadly, Asia as a whole has proven 
resilient and there is the prospect of a  
strong rebound later in the year. Virtually  
all economies in the region have now 
recovered the output losses incurred during 
the pandemic and are above 2019 levels.
The Middle East economies enjoyed a strong 
2022, and we expect this momentum to 
continue in 2023 on the back of the important 
reforms underway to transform, diversify and 
grow the region’s economies. We see strong 
and growing demand to connect clients in the 
Middle East with Asia’s economies, and  
vice versa.
In contrast, Europe, including the UK, face 
challenges from higher energy prices fuelling 
inflation and necessitating higher interest 
rates, driven in part by the Russia-Ukraine  
war. All of these factors are contributing to  
a cost of living crisis and more economic 
uncertainty. We expect that any recession,  
if there is one at all, will be relatively shallow.
have peaked in the US, and there is consensus 
that the US will avoid recession. I expect the 
US to make an important contribution to 
global GDP growth in 2023.
Overall, I am optimistic about the global 
economy in the second half of 2023, but there 
is still a high level of uncertainty due to the 
Russia-Ukraine war and recessionary fears 
may yet dominate much of the year ahead. 
Navigating geopolitics remains 
challenging
The geopolitical environment remains 
challenging for our clients to navigate. There is 
sadly no end in sight to the Russia-Ukraine 
war. However, the West’s relationship with 
China appears to be relatively stable. The 
renewed, constructive dialogue between 
President Xi and President Biden at the G20  
in November was clearly important. While 
further US sanctions are expected this year, 
capital flows between China and the West 
increased during the pandemic, even with 
reciprocal tariffs in place. China is also taking 
an active approach to diplomatic engagement 
with European nations, including the UK. 
China’s reopening will also allow for the 
resumption of face-to-face visits, which will 
support greater dialogue between China and 
important partners such as Germany, France 
and the UK. We also naturally continue to 
engage with governments around the world.
One of the key trends of the past three years 
has been supply chain disruption, due largely 
to a combination of geopolitics, pandemic and 
war-related factors. Businesses are seeking to 
build greater resilience into their supply chains, 
reduce their dependence on sole suppliers or 
regions, and take the opportunity to digitise. I 
expect these trends all to continue throughout 
2023. HSBC’s global network means we are 
well placed to adapt to regional diversification 
that takes place within supply chains.
Thank you to my colleagues
Finally, my colleagues have once again shown 
great dedication, energy and care in serving 
our customers and working together over the 
past year. They have exemplified our purpose 
of ‘opening up a world of opportunity’ and our 
core values. While we want to achieve even 
more in 2023 and beyond, I am very proud of 
what they achieved in 2022 – and I am 
extremely grateful to each of them.
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
21 February 2023
Today, we remain steadfastly focused on  
our core purpose of ‘opening up a world of 
opportunity’. Our model is particularly relevant 
The US economy is proving resilient and  
a hard landing appears unlikely. Some 
economists believe that inflation may now 
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
7

--- Page 10 ---
Strategic report 
Group Chief Executive’s review
The most significant changes to our portfolio 
have been the exit and wind-down of 
non-strategic assets and clients in the 
Americas and Europe, and the investment  
in technology and in organic and inorganic 
growth in Asia, especially in Wealth and 
Personal Banking. We have completed the 
sale of our US mass market retail business, 
and announced the planned exit of our French 
retail banking operations and the planned sale 
of our banking business in Canada. We have 
also announced exits in other smaller 
businesses, including Greece and Russia.  
A key factor in assessing the strategic value  
of our businesses has been whether they 
capitalise on the distinct advantages that  
we have, especially those derived from our  
global network.
Our work to increase capital efficiency 
resulted in cumulative risk-weighted asset 
savings of $128bn by the end of 2022, in 
excess of our original target as we accelerated 
restructuring in the US and Europe. This 
enabled us to reallocate capital towards  
Asia and the Middle East.
Finally, we have transformed our cost base 
and restored tight cost discipline across the 
organisation. Our cost to achieve programme 
concluded at the end of 2022, but it enabled 
us to take multiple layers of inefficiency out  
of the business and embed changes that we 
expect to provide flow-through benefits for 
years to come.
Building a good platform for future 
growth
At the same time, we have invested in new 
sources of value creation that provide a good 
platform for future growth. Developing our 
capabilities in Wealth, particularly in Asia, has 
been a strategic priority as we have sought  
to diversify our revenues. We have done  
this organically through the build-out of our 
Pinnacle business in mainland China, and 
inorganically through the purchases of AXA 
Singapore and L&T Investment Management 
in India, by increasing our stake to 90% in 
HSBC Qianhai Securities, and by taking full 
ownership of our HSBC Life China insurance 
business. The traction that we are gaining in 
Wealth is reflected by the $80bn of net new 
invested assets that we attracted in 2022, 
$59bn of which were in Asia.
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive 
The progress that we have made over the past three years 
means that HSBC is well positioned to deliver higher returns  
and has a good platform for future growth.
Return on average tangible 
equity 
9.9%
(2021: 8.3%)
Adjusted revenue 
$55.3bn
(2021: $47.0bn)
We have completed the first phase of  
our transformation. Our international 
connectivity is now underpinned by good, 
broad-based profit generation around  
the world. Our focus is now on continuing 
to grow our core business, while also 
capitalising on the new sources of  
value creation that we have built. 
When we embarked on our transformation 
programme in February 2020, our aim was  
to address the fundamental issues that had 
contributed to a decade of low returns. It was 
clear to me that too much of our capital was 
being used inefficiently, too many of our 
businesses were loss-making and sub-scale, 
and too many of our clients were low returning 
and purely domestic in nature. Over the  
last three years, while responding to the 
challenges of the pandemic, we have 
structurally repositioned our businesses and 
operating model to achieve higher returns.
8
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

--- Page 11 ---
Group Chief Executive’s review
” The difference  
compared with three  
years ago is that  
our international 
connectivity is now 
underpinned by good 
broad-based profit 
generation around  
the world.”
Our core purpose is ‘opening up a world of 
opportunity’ and that, in essence, is what we 
do by helping our personal and corporate 
customers to move money between countries 
and do business across borders. This is still  
the best way for us to create value, and what 
makes us a world leading bank for international 
and mid-market customers. We are the 
number one trade finance bank, and trade 
revenue was up 13% in 2022, surpassing the 
good level of growth in the previous year.  
Trade also increased in all regions. 
We are also one of the leading global foreign 
exchange houses and a leading payments 
company globally, with over $600tn of 
payments processed in 2022. Our global 
connectivity has made international our 
fastest-growing revenue segment in Wealth 
and Personal Banking. Products like Global 
Money and our Wealth platforms are 
specifically designed to meet the international 
needs of our retail and wealth customers. 
These customers also provide around double 
the average revenue of domestic-only 
customers.
The difference compared with three years ago  
is that our international connectivity is now 
underpinned by good broad-based profit 
generation around the world. Already the 
leading bank in Hong Kong, we gained market 
share last year in key products including 
customer deposits, insurance and trade 
finance. We are also the leading foreign bank 
in mainland China by revenue and are pleased 
to have received seven main licence approvals 
since 2020. Our business in India delivered 
$0.9bn of profit before tax last year and 
facilitated the equivalent of around 9% of 
India’s exports. In the Middle East, we 
delivered $1.8bn of profits and were the 
number one bank in capital markets league 
tables. HSBC UK delivered $5bn of profits and 
was the number one bank for trade finance, 
while our non-ring-fenced bank in Europe 
delivered $2.1bn of profits and around 35%  
of its client business was booked outside the 
region. Our US business has now had nine 
consecutive quarters of profitability after its 
turnaround, while our business in Mexico 
delivered a return on tangible equity of 18%.
The cost savings that we have made have 
been reinvested in technology, which has in 
turn enabled us to change the way we operate 
as a business. Technology spending was 19% 
higher in 2022 than in 2019. Much of this 
investment has been used to rebuild and 
upgrade platforms, which we have then rolled 
out globally. Our upgraded mobile banking 
app is available in 24 markets and has around 
13 million active users, while our upgraded 
digital trade finance platform has been rolled 
out in the UK and Hong Kong, ensuring that 
market-leading businesses are well positioned 
for the next 10 years. In 2022, we launched 
HSBC Orion, our new proprietary tokenisation 
platform using blockchain technology for bond 
issuances. We’re also partnering with fintechs 
around the world to use their capabilities in 
our products. Finally, we are investing in 
greater automation, which we expect to  
reap the benefits from for years to come.
Empowering our people has underpinned 
everything that we have achieved over the 
past three years – and it will underpin the  
next phase of our strategy too. Reducing 
management layers has helped to increase  
our speed and agility. In our last staff survey, 
the number of colleagues who report that 
work processes allow them to work efficiently 
was 6 percentage points above the sector 
benchmark. Confidence within the 
organisation has also increased. 77% of 
colleagues told us they are confident about 
our future, which is 3 percentage points up  
on 2021. We have continued to make steady 
progress against our medium-term targets on 
gender and ethnicity representation, while  
the number of hours that colleagues spent 
learning about digital and data, and 
sustainability also increased by 13% last  
year, underlining the importance of these 
critical future skills.
The transition to net zero will offer increasingly 
significant commercial opportunities in the 
future. We have continued to make good 
progress towards our ambition of providing 
and facilitating $750bn to $1tn of sustainable 
financing and investment by 2030. At the end 
of 2022, the cumulative total for sustainable 
financing and investment since 2020 had 
reached more than $210bn. We published an 
updated energy policy, which commits us to 
no longer provide new finance or advisory 
services for the specific purpose of projects 
pertaining to new oil and gas fields and related 
infrastructure whose primary use is in 
conjunction with new fields. As per our policy, 
we will continue to provide finance to maintain 
supplies of oil and gas in line with declining 
current and future global demand, while 
accelerating our activities in support  
of clean energy. We have also set interim  
2030 targets for on-balance sheet financed 
emissions for eight sectors. These include  
six sectors for which we have reported 2019 
and 2020 emissions. We recognise that 
methodologies and data for measuring 
emissions will continue to evolve, and our  
own disclosures will therefore continue to 
develop as a result. In 2023, we will publish  
our first bank-wide climate transition plan.
Strong overall financial performance  
in 2022
The progress that we have made transforming 
HSBC and investing in growth has helped  
to drive an improved financial performance  
in 2022. A strong net interest income 
performance reflected higher global interest 
rates, but there was also good underlying 
growth across the business in key areas, 
particularly those linked to our international 
network.
Overall, the Group delivered $17.5bn of 
reported profit before tax, which was  
$1.4bn lower than in 2021. This was due to  
a net expected credit loss charge of $3.6bn 
compared with a net release of $0.9bn last 
year, as well as the impairment of $2.4bn 
relating to the planned sale of our retail 
banking operations in France. Adjusted  
profit before tax was $24bn, up $3.4bn.
Adjusted revenue was 18% higher than the 
same period last year, as net interest income 
grew strongly in all of our global businesses. 
There was also a strong performance in Global 
Foreign Exchange. Our reported return on 
tangible equity for 2022 was 9.9%. Excluding 
significant items, we delivered a return on 
tangible equity of 11.6%.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
9

--- Page 12 ---
Strategic report | Group Chief Executive’s review
Future growth levers
In 2022, we continued to build new 
sources of value creation.
We brought in 
$80bn 
of net new invested assets in Wealth.
We provided and facilitated cumulatively
$210.7bn 
of sustainable finance and investment since 
January 2020.
There was a good performance across our 
global businesses. In Commercial Banking, 
adjusted profit before tax was up by 24% to 
$7.7bn, driven by revenue increases across all 
products and in all regions, most notably Asia 
and the UK. Within this, Global Payments 
Solutions revenue grew by 104% on the back 
of higher interest rates, while trade revenue 
was up 14% with growth in all regions. 
Global Banking and Markets delivered 
adjusted profit before tax of $5.4bn, up  
8% compared with 2021. Global Payments 
Solutions was again the main driver, with 
119% growth in net interest income from 
higher interest rates, and a strong 
performance in Global Foreign Exchange.  
In Wealth and Personal Banking, adjusted 
profit before tax of $8.5bn was 27% higher 
than 2021. Net interest income growth drove a 
good performance in Personal Banking, while 
there was also balance sheet growth in the 
UK, Asia outside Hong Kong, and Mexico.
We restricted adjusted cost growth to 1% in 
2022 as a result of the significant cost-saving 
actions that we have taken. This represents  
a good outcome given the high inflation 
environment. After good capital generation in 
the fourth quarter, our CET1 ratio at the end of 
2022 was 14.2% and back within our target 
range of 14% to 14.5%. We are able to pay a 
second interim dividend of $0.23 per share, 
bringing the total 2022 dividend to $0.32  
per share.
Improved returns and substantial 
distribution capacity
We are firmly on track to achieve our target  
of a return on tangible equity of at least 12% 
from 2023 onwards. We have built up a good 
level of expected credit loss provisions, and 
we also expect the headwinds associated with 
macroeconomic uncertainty and the ongoing 
challenges within the China commercial real 
estate sector to subside, enabling expected 
credit losses to start to normalise. 
There will be no easing off at all on costs.  
Our cost to achieve programme has now 
ended, but we will continue to seek and  
find opportunities to create efficiencies  
that will deliver sustainable cost savings  
in future years. We are now considering up  
to $300m of additional costs for severance  
in 2023. These costs will need to be reported 
in our costs line. Taking this into account, we 
will aim for approximately 3% cost growth  
in 2023. Tight cost discipline will remain a 
priority for the whole Group.
As a result of the improving quality of our 
returns, we are establishing a dividend payout 
ratio of 50% of reported earnings per share for 
2023 and 2024, excluding material significant 
items. We will aim to restore the dividend to 
pre-Covid-19 levels as soon as possible. We 
also intend to revert to paying quarterly 
dividends from the start of 2023. Given the 
capital generation at the end of 2022, we will 
bring forward the consideration of buy-backs 
to the announcement of our results for the  
first quarter of 2023.
Finally, subject to the completion of the  
sale of our banking business in Canada, I am 
pleased that the Board will consider payment 
of a special dividend of $0.21 per share in  
early 2024 as a priority use of the surplus 
capital generated by the transaction. We 
understand the importance of dividends to  
our shareholders and expect them to benefit 
from improved capital distributions ahead.
My colleagues are getting it done
I would like to end by thanking my colleagues 
around the world. Over the last three years, 
they have managed a period of substantial 
change, embraced the opportunities that our 
transformation has presented and gone the 
extra mile to support our customers – all while 
living through a global pandemic. More 
recently, there have also been the Russia-
Ukraine war, the real-life financial strains 
caused by high inflation and the devastating 
earthquakes in Türkiye for them to deal with. 
We have only made the progress that we have 
because of their efforts. They are exemplifying 
our value of getting it done, and I am proud to 
lead them.
Overall, 2022 was another good year for 
HSBC. We completed the first phase of  
our transformation and our international 
connectivity is now underpinned by good, 
broad-based profit generation around the 
world. This contributed to a strong overall 
financial performance. We are on track to 
deliver higher returns in 2023 and have built  
a platform for further value creation. With  
the delivery of higher returns, we will have 
increased distribution capacity, and we will 
also consider a special dividend once the  
sale of HSBC Canada is completed.
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive
21 February 2023
10
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

--- Page 13 ---
Our strategy
Our strategy
We are implementing our strategy across the four strategic pillars  
aligned to our purpose, values and ambition.
Transformation journey
We have made progress in our transformation 
in six key areas, as we start to improve 
financial performance and build a strong 
foundation for future growth. 
Capital allocation 
Asia
(as a % of Group tangible equity)1
Firstly, we have retained a market leading 
position in international connectivity. We  
are the number one trade finance bank and 
number three bank in foreign exchange 
globally, based on peer analysis undertaken  
by Coalition Greenwich. Across our global 
businesses, international connectivity is core 
to who we serve, with approximately 45% of 
our wholesale client business coming from 
cross-border relationships and approximately 
6 million international customers banking with 
Wealth and Personal Banking. International 
clients remain our most attractive client base 
in Wealth and Personal Banking, with revenue 
around double that of domestic customers. In 
addition, global transaction banking revenue,  
a cornerstone of our international connectivity, 
has grown 7% each year since 2019.
Secondly, we have also reshaped our portfolio 
through strategic exits in continental Europe 
and the Americas. We have exited our 
domestic mass market retail business in the 
US, and are in the process of selling our retail 
banking operations in France, our banking 
business in Canada, our business in Russia 
and our branch operations in Greece, subject 
to regulatory and governmental approvals.  
We have taken actions to improve the returns 
profile of the Group, including generating 
cumulative gross RWA reductions of $128bn 
since the start of our programme, exceeding 
our target of more than $110bn. We have 
continued to reallocate capital to Asia, with 
the proportion of our tangible equity allocated 
to Asia increasing to 47% at the end of 2022, 
and we remain on track with our medium- to 
long-term aspiration to increase this to 50%. 
We have also invested through a series of 
bolt-on acquisitions in Asia, including AXA’s 
business in Singapore and L&T Investment 
Management in India, and we have increased 
our stakes in HSBC Life China and  
HSBC Qianhai. 
47%
2021
2022
Medium- to long-term aspiration
42%
47%
c.50%
1  Based on tangible equity of the Group’s major 
legal entities excluding associates, holding 
companies, and consolidation adjustments.
Gross RWA reduction
$128bn
Since the start of the programme.  
Target: >$110bn by the end of 2022.
Technology investment
$6.1bn
(2019: $5.1bn) 
Thirdly, over the last three years we have built 
a broad and geographically diverse base of 
profit generation. We remain the leading bank 
in Hong Kong across key areas including 
deposits, lending and trade finance, while in 
mainland China, our business contributed 
$1.0bn of adjusted profit before tax in 2022, 
excluding the share of profit from our 
associate, Bank of Communications Co., 
Limited. We have also grown our businesses 
in the rest of Asia, with adjusted profit before 
tax of $4.2bn, up 24% compared with 2019. 
Outside of Asia, HSBC UK Bank plc delivered 
$5.0bn of adjusted profit before tax in 2022, 
while our HSBC Bank plc and US businesses 
have transformed into being leaner and more 
internationally focused. In the Middle East  
and North Africa, we are the leading bank in 
capital markets, while in Mexico, the return on 
average tangible equity was 18.0% in 2022. 
Fourthly, we have retained our strong focus  
on cost discipline. Within the past year, 
notwithstanding inflationary pressures, we 
contained adjusted cost growth compared 
with 2021. As a result, excluding the benefit of 
a reduced UK bank levy, adjusted costs have 
remained flat since 2019, with a 19% increase 
in technology spend offset by gross saves 
within our global businesses, operations and 
other costs. Since 2019, we have taken actions 
to become a more efficient organisation, 
reducing our office real estate footprint by 
37%, branches by 21% and operations 
headcount by approximately 11%. 
As we transformed, we have also built a 
platform for growth and returns upon which 
we will build new value creation opportunities. 
We have continued to grow our balance sheet, 
with our deposits growing by 4% and assets 
growing by 5% each year since 2019. 
Increasing fee-based revenue and growing our 
Wealth and Personal Banking franchise remain 
important priorities for the Group, and we have 
gained traction, with Wealth revenue up 3% 
and transaction banking revenue up 7% since 
2019. However, given the changes to the 
macroeconomic environment, together with 
the implementation of IFRS 17, the metrics 
‘Insurance and fees as a percentage of Group 
adjusted revenue’ and ‘WPB as a percentage 
of Group tangible equity’ are no longer 
appropriate to measure our progress in  
these areas. 
We continue to view technology as a key 
enabler of our growth ambitions, and  
have also increased our investment from 
approximately $5.1bn in 2019 to $6.1bn in 
2022. During the year, we have scaled up 
existing digital propositions and launched 
others. Details of these can be found on the 
following pages. 
Fifthly, we have supported a sustainable 
dividend policy with strong capital and 
liquidity. Finally, the above five themes have 
resulted in a strong platform for growth and 
returns, upon which we will build new value 
creation opportunities.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
11

--- Page 14 ---
Strategic report | Our strategy
Delivery in 2022
Our strategy centres on four key pillars: focus on our areas of strengths, digitise at scale to adapt our operating model for the future, energise our 
organisation for growth, and support the transition to a net zero global economy.
Focus on our strengths
In our global businesses
In each of our global businesses, we continue to focus on areas where we are strongest and have opportunities to grow. 
Wealth and Personal Banking
Adjusted revenue for our Wealth and Personal 
Banking business was $24.4bn in 2022, up 
16% compared with 2021. This was driven by 
growth in Personal Banking, where adjusted 
revenue was $15.9bn, up 37%. We continued 
to make progress in executing our Wealth, 
Asset Management and Insurance strategy, 
attracting net new invested assets of $80bn, 
compared with $64bn in 2021, with $59bn 
coming from Asia. Our Asia Insurance value  
of new business reached $1.1bn, up 24%.
We continued to grow our digital propositions 
during the year. We launched Global Money in 
the UK and Australia, with the proposition now 
live in eight markets. This new proposition 
recorded approximately $11bn of transactions 
in 2022, enabling customers to make cheaper 
and faster international payments. We also 
signed up more than 900,000 users to our 
Pinnacle financial planning app to bring the 
total user base to over 1 million. 
Within our Wealth business, in partnership 
with BlackRock, we launched Prism, a hybrid 
advisory service to help investors make more 
informed investment decisions. 
$80bn
Net new invested assets in 2022.
Commercial Banking
Adjusted revenue for our Commercial Banking 
business reached $16.2bn in 2022, up 29% 
compared with 2021. Adjusted revenue rose in 
all regions, and notably in Hong Kong, which 
grew by 36%. Fee income increased by 8% to 
$3.7bn, reflecting growth in Global Payments 
Solutions and Global Trade and Receivables 
Finance.
Our digital propositions have gained 
significant traction, with payments processed 
on HSBCnet mobile increasing by nearly 62% 
during the year. Kinetic, our digital business 
banking account for SMEs in the UK, gained 
approximately 29,000 customers, taking its 
overall customer base to approximately 
53,000. Business Go, our new global digital 
platform for SMEs, has gone live and has 
grown to over 95,000 users as of 2022.  
In 2022, we launched our first Banking-as-a-
Service proposition in the US with Oracle 
Netsuite, embedding HSBC’s banking 
products within Oracle’s Cloud enterprise 
resource planning platform. 
We continue to actively help our clients with 
their climate transition goals, and have 
completed the global roll-out of our core 
sustainable product suite covering loans, trade 
finance and bonds. We also launched our 
enhanced HSBC Sustainability Tracker for 
Business Banking customers. 
Global Banking and Markets
Adjusted revenue for our Global Banking  
and Markets business was $15.4bn in 2022, 
up 10% compared with 2021, driven by  
strong performances in Global Payments 
Solutions and Markets and Securities 
Services, primarily from our Global Foreign 
Exchange business. During the year, we 
continued to drive efforts for cross-business 
line collaboration through referrals and 
cross-sell of products, with adjusted 
collaboration revenue of approximately 
$3.7bn in 2022, compared with approximately 
$3.5bn in 2021. Our Global Banking and 
Markets franchise remains an internationally 
connected one, with our clients doing 
business with us in multiple markets. In 2022, 
our clients in Europe and the Americas drove 
approximately $2.6bn of client business into 
Asia and the Middle East, an increase of 
approximately 30%.
We continued to develop our digital 
propositions with the launch of HSBC Orion,  
a new proprietary tokenisation platform to 
issue digital bonds based on distributed  
ledger technology.
We also extended our sustainable investment 
product range, launching a biodiversity 
screened equity index created in partnership 
with biodiversity data specialist Iceberg data 
lab and Euronext. 
$3.7bn
Fee income in 2022.
c.$2.6bn
Client business1 booked in the  
East from clients managed in  
the Americas and Europe. 
1  Client business differs from reported revenue as it relates to certain client-specific income, and excludes certain products (including Principal Investments,  
GBM ’other’ and asset management), Group allocations, recoveries and other non-client-related and portfolio level revenue. It also excludes Hang Seng. GBM 
client business includes an estimation of client-specific day-one-trade-specific revenue from Markets and Securities Services products, which excludes ongoing 
mark-to-market revenue and portfolio level revenue such as hedging. Cross-border client business represents the income earned from a client’s entity domiciled  
in a different geography than where the client group’s global relationship is managed. ‘Booking location’ represents the geography of the client’s entity or 
transaction booking location where this is different from where the client group’s global relationship is managed. 
12
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

--- Page 15 ---
Our strategy
Digitise at scale
We continued to invest in our technology and 
operational capabilities to drive productivity 
across businesses and geographies, and to 
improve customer experience. In 2022, $6.1bn, 
or 20%, of our overall adjusted operating 
expenses were dedicated to technology,  
up from $5.6bn in 2021.
Enhancing our digital propositions to improve 
customer engagement and journeys remains a 
significant priority. During the year, just under 
half of our Wealth and Personal Banking 
customers were active users of our mobile 
applications, an increase from 42.7% in 2021, 
and over 75% of our Commercial Banking 
customers were active on our digital 
applications, an increase from 71.0%. 
Furthermore, in Wealth and Personal Banking, 
nearly half of sales were generated digitally. 
Our customer journeys continue to be 
transformed, for example, in Singapore, our 
Wealth and Personal Banking customers can 
now open an account even before they arrive 
in their new country via their mobile phones. 
To improve our operational efficiency, we 
continue to deploy technologies at scale in our 
organisation. Our Cloud adoption rate, which 
is the percentage of our technology services 
on the private or public Cloud, increased from 
27% to 35%.
Energise for growth 
Empowering and energising our colleagues  
is crucial for inspiring a dynamic culture. Our 
Employee engagement index, our headline 
measure of employee satisfaction, rose to 73% 
in 2022 from 67% in 2019, our baseline year. 
The participation rate of the survey also rose 
from 50% to 78%.
We remained focused on creating a diverse 
and inclusive environment, especially in senior 
leadership roles, which are those classified as 
band 3 and above in our global career band 
structure. We achieved 33.3% female 
representation in senior leadership positions 
by the end of 2022, and are on track to achieve 
our target of 35% by 2025. In 2022, we also 
set a Group-wide ethnicity strategy to better 
represent the communities we serve. We are 
on track to meet this, with 2.5% of leadership 
roles held by colleagues of Black heritage  
in 2022. 
We continued to help our colleagues develop 
future-ready skills. In 2022, the total learning 
hours spent on these future-ready skills 
(digital, data, and sustainability) increased  
to approximately 375,777 hours, up from 
334,651 hours in 2021. 
We outline how we put our purpose and 
values into practice in the following ‘ESG 
overview‘ section. 
 For further details on how we plan to energise  
for growth, see the Social section in the ESG 
review on page 73.
Transition to net zero
In November, we participated in COP27 to  
play our part in bringing together the public 
and private sector to mobilise the transition  
to a net zero global economy. We also made 
good progress on our ambitions, including 
expanding our financed emissions targets to 
eight sectors in total, reducing our greenhouse 
gas emissions, and supporting our customers 
in their transition to a net zero future including 
the launch of new climate solutions. 
Becoming a net zero bank
We continue to pursue our climate ambition  
to become net zero in our operations and 
supply chain by 2030, and align our financed 
emissions to the Paris Agreement goal of  
net zero by 2050. In 2022, we reduced our 
absolute greenhouse emissions in our 
operations to 285,000 tonnes CO2e, which 
represents a 58.5% reduction from our  
2019 baseline. 
Growth and returns
So far, we have set interim 2030 targets for 
on-balance sheet financed emissions for eight 
sectors. We also published updated energy 
and thermal coal phase-out policies during the 
year, which are important mechanisms to help 
phase down our financed emissions in these 
areas while supporting our customers in their 
own transition plans. We plan to extend our 
financed emissions analysis to new sectors – 
shipping, agriculture, commercial real estate 
and residential real estate – in future 
disclosures. We remain committed to setting 
facilitated emissions targets, and aim to 
continue to engage with industry initiatives  
to produce a consistent and comparable 
cross-industry approach. 
a total of $84.2bn of sustainable finance and 
investments, bringing our cumulative amount 
since 1 January 2020 to $210.7bn of our 
$750bn to $1tn ambition by 2030. 
Unlocking new climate solutions 
In 2022, Climate Asset Management, the 
dedicated natural capital investment manager 
formed as a joint venture with climate change 
investment and advisory firm Pollination, 
achieved commitments of more than $650m 
across its two natural capital strategies. We 
also officially launched Pentagreen, a joint 
venture with Temasek, to finance the 
development of sustainable infrastructure  
in south-east Asia. 
Supporting customers through transition
We have made progress in our ambition to 
support our customers through their transition 
to net zero. In 2022, we provided and facilitated 
 For further details on our climate ambition,  
see the Environmental section in the ESG  
review on page 46.
Looking ahead, we will continue to build on our areas of strength, using our international connectivity and strong geographical diversity 
spanning every region. We will also continue to drive our transaction banking, wealth and digital platforms in order to grow fee income. Cost 
discipline remains a priority for us, while we drive investment in technology to increase productivity and growth. As a result, we expect to 
achieve more than 12% RoTE from 2023 onwards – the highest in a decade – and have substantial distribution capacity in 2023 and 2024. 
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
13

--- Page 16 ---
Strategic report 
ESG overview
We conduct our business to support the sustained success 
of our customers, people and other stakeholders.
Our approach
We are guided by our purpose: to open up  
a world of opportunity for our colleagues, 
customers and communities. Our purpose is 
underpinned by our values: we value difference; 
we succeed together; we take responsibility; 
and we get it done. Our purpose and values 
help us to deliver our strategy and unlock 
long-term value for our stakeholders. 
Our approach to ESG is shaped by our purpose 
and values and a desire to create sustainable 
long-term value for our stakeholders. As an 
international bank with significant breadth  
and scale, we understand that our climate, 
economies, societies, supply chains and 
people’s lives are interconnected. We recognise 
we can play an important role in tackling ESG 
challenges. We focus our efforts on three 
areas: the transition to net zero, building 
inclusion and resilience, and acting responsibly.  
Transition to net zero
The transition to net zero is one of the biggest 
challenges for our generation. Success will 
require governments, customers and finance 
providers to work together. Our global footprint 
means that many of our clients operate in 
high-emitting sectors and regions that face the 
greatest challenge in reducing emissions. This 
means that our transition will be challenging 
but is an opportunity to make an impact. 
We recognise that to achieve our climate 
ambition we need to be transparent on the 
opportunities, challenges, related risks and 
progress we make. To deliver on our ambition, 
we require enhanced processes, systems, 
controls, governance and new sources of data. 
We continue to invest in our climate resources 
and skills, and develop our business 
management process to integrate climate 
impacts. As we enhance our systems, 
processes, controls and governance, certain 
aspects of our reporting will rely on manual 
sourcing and categorisation of data. Given the 
challenges on data sourcing as well as the 
evolution of our processes as mentioned 
above, this has had an impact on certain 
climate disclosures including thermal coal. In 
2023, we will continue to review our approach 
to our disclosures, with our reporting needing 
to evolve to keep pace with market 
developments.
We set out in more detail the steps we are 
taking on our climate ambitions in the ESG 
review on page 47.
Build inclusion and resilience
Building inclusion and resilience helps us to 
create long-term value. By removing barriers 
and being a fair and equitable bank, we can 
attract the best talent, serve a wider customer 
base and support our communities.
diversity, and we focus on employee sentiment, 
and support our colleagues’ resilience through 
well-being and learning resources. 
We strive to provide inclusive and accessible 
banking for our customers. We help our 
customers to build financial resilience by 
providing resources that help them manage 
their finances, and services that help them 
protect what they value. This is critical in 
challenging times, as we continue to support 
our stakeholders in the wake of Covid-19 and 
in the face of a rising cost of living.  
Finally, we give back to our communities 
through philanthropic giving, disaster relief 
and volunteering.  
Act responsibly
We are focused on running a strong and 
sustainable business that puts the customer 
first, values good governance, and gives our 
stakeholders confidence in how we do what 
we do. Our conduct approach guides us to do 
the right thing and to focus on the impact we 
have for our customers and the financial 
markets in which we operate. Customer 
experience is at the heart of how we operate. 
We aim to act responsibly and with integrity 
across the value chain.
An inclusive, healthy and stimulating 
environment for our people helps us to succeed. 
We have set goals for gender and ethnic 
On page 16, we have set out ways that we 
have supported our stakeholders through a 
challenging year.
ESG disclosure map and directory
Transition to  
net zero
Our climate ambition
Detailed Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’)
Diversity and inclusion disclosures 
Pay gap disclosures
How we govern ESG 
Build 
inclusion 
and 
resilience
Act 
responsibly
Human rights and modern slavery disclosures
Read more on our approach to the transition to net zero
Read more on our progress made against our ambition 
to achieve net zero in our financed emissions by 2050
Read more on our progress made against our $750bn 
to $1tn sustainable finance and investment ambition
Read more on our ambition to achieve net zero in our 
own operations by 2030
We make disclosures consistent with Task Force  
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’) 
recommendations, highlighted with the symbol:  TCFD
Read more on how we are building an inclusive 
environment that reflects our customers and 
communities, and our latest pay gap statistics
Read more on our ESG governance approach and 
human rights 
 Page 46
 Page 50
 Page 57
 Page 62
 Page 68
 Page 74
 Page 75
 Page 86
 Page 87
How our ESG targets link to executive 
remuneration
Read more on our ESG targets embedded in executive 
remuneration
 Page 16; 
Pages 282 to 287
Our ESG Data Pack
Our ESG Data Pack provides more granular ESG 
information, including the breakdown of our sustainable 
finance and investment progress, and complaints volumes
www.hsbc.com/esg
14
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022

--- Page 17 ---
ESG overview
Engaging with our stakeholders and our material ESG topics
Engaging with our stakeholders is core to 
being a responsible business. To determine 
material topics that our stakeholders are 
interested in, we conduct a number of 
activities throughout the year, including 
engagements outlined in the table below. 
Disclosure standards such as the TCFD,  
World Economic Forum (‘WEF’) Stakeholder 
Capitalism Metrics and Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (‘SASB’),  
as well as the ESG Guide under the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange Listing Rules and  
other applicable rules and regulations, are 
considered as part of the identification of 
material issues and disclosures. 
Our stakeholders
How we engage
Customers
Employees
Our customers’ voices are heard through our interactions with them,  
surveys and by listening to their complaints
Our colleagues’ voices are heard through our employee Snapshot survey,  
Exchange meetings, and our ‘speak-up’ channels, including our global 
whistleblowing platform, HSBC Confidential
Investors
We engage with our shareholders through our AGMs, virtual and in-person 
meetings, conferences and our annual investor survey
Communities
We welcome dialogue with external stakeholders, including non-governmental 
organisations (‘NGOs’) and other civil societies groups. We engage directly on 
specific issues and by taking part in external forums and working groups
Regulators and 
governments
We proactively engage with regulators and governments to facilitate strong 
relationships through virtual and in-person meetings and by responding to 
consultations individually and jointly via industry bodies
Material topics highlighted by 
the engagement1
 – Customer advocacy
 – Cybersecurity
 – Employee training
 – Diversity and inclusion
 – Employee engagement 
 – Thermal coal policies
 – Energy policies
 – Becoming a net zero bank  
in our own operations and 
financed emissions
 – Financial inclusion and 
community investment
 – Anti-bribery and corruption
 – Conduct and product 
responsibility
Suppliers
Our code of conduct for suppliers of goods and services sets out how we engage 
with our suppliers on ethical and environmental performance
 – Supply chain management
 – Human rights
1  These form part of our ESG disclosures suite together with other requirements, and are not exhaustive or exclusive to one stakeholder group. For further details on 
our disclosures, see our ESG review and ESG Data Pack, as well as our ESG reporting centre at www.hsbc.com/esg.
Supporting our customers facing a rising 
cost of living
We know that many of our customers around 
the world are facing increasing cost of living 
pressures from higher inflation, and we are 
committed to helping them.
Colleagues across our global businesses have 
been reaching out to customers to provide 
them with increased access to support, such 
as free financial health checks, as well as 
proactively contacting those who we believe 
could benefit from additional assistance.
Proactive support
We have focused our support on our 
customers in the UK, which is our largest 
market to be affected by rising cost of  
living pressures, using our guidelines  
and procedures to help provide the right 
outcomes. We also engage closely and 
regularly with our key regulators to help 
ensure we meet their expectations of financial 
institutions’ activities more generally during 
volatile markets.
For our personal customers in financial 
difficulty, we enhanced our range of digital 
resources, with the launch of a new ‘Rising 
cost of living hub’ on our public website. The 
hub provides useful articles and tools to help 
budget, manage money and gain access to 
the range of support we are providing. Other 
measures in 2022 included:
 – conducting a review of our existing tools 
and services, helping to ensure requests  
for borrowing remained affordable; 
 – helping those most in need with temporary 
support, such as reducing overdraft 
borrowing costs in eligible accounts; 
and offering extensions to collection periods. 
Other measures in 2022 included:
 – improving our customer support and 
education, including through webinars and 
our financial well-being website, to guide 
how best to improve financial resilience and 
forecast cash flows;
 – enhancing the identification of customers 
exhibiting signs of financial vulnerability, by 
using data and front-line insights provided 
from relationship management teams; 
 – providing the opportunity to mortgage 
 – increasing the education provided to our 
customers coming to the end of an existing 
fixed rate to secure a new rate earlier; and
colleagues on the various forms of financial 
support available to clients; and
 – removing the payments of penalties for 
customers in need of funds having to  
close fixed-rate savers accounts early. 
In our CMB business, our focus has been 
towards helping Business Banking clients 
exhibiting signs of financial vulnerability, as well 
as participating in local government-backed 
initiatives targeted at extending financial 
support to SMEs. When a customer is in need 
of assistance, we review on a case-by-case 
basis, with potential solutions including 
repayment holidays, extending loan repayments 
 – proactively getting in touch with customers 
to help ensure awareness of available 
support, including communicating with over 
40,000 SMEs, and increasing the number of 
outbound calls in the fourth quarter of 2022 
by 190%, when compared with the previous 
quarter, to those displaying signs of lower 
financial resilience.
 For further details on our conduct and product 
responsibilities, see the ESG review on page 94. 
For further details of how we are supporting our 
colleagues amid rising inflation, see page 25.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
15
