
--- Page 8 ---
Strategic report
Group Chairman’s statement
The slowdown in global growth underlines the need to make 
the most of the opportunities ahead.
areas of weakness, improve performance and 
create capacity to invest. Since then, he has 
worked closely with the Board to begin 
delivering against this mandate. The Board has 
endorsed a plan that aims to reallocate capital 
to areas that can deliver stronger returns, to 
reduce costs across the Group, and to simplify  
the business.
Even in this increasingly challenging 
competitive environment, there are many 
opportunities for a bank of HSBC’s scale  
and reach. We have made a good start in 
capturing these opportunities, but we need  
to go further and faster to capitalise fully on 
our heritage, network and financial strength. 
We are intent on driving through the 
necessary change at pace.
Board of Directors
Our previous Group Chief Executive,  
John Flint, left the Group in August 2019.  
I am very grateful to John for his personal 
commitment and dedication, and for the 
significant contribution that he made over his 
long career at HSBC. Noel Quinn joined the 
Board as interim Group Chief Executive in 
August 2019. The process for appointing a 
permanent Group Chief Executive is ongoing 
and we expect to make an appointment in 
accordance with our original timetable.
José Antonio Meade Kuribreña joined the 
Board as an independent non-executive 
Director in March 2019.
Jonathan Evans (Lord Evans of Weardale) 
retired from the Board in April 2019. Marc 
Moses stepped down as an executive Director 
and Group Chief Risk Officer at the end of 
December 2019. Sir Jonathan Symonds 
stepped down as Deputy Group Chairman  
and Senior Independent Director today, and  
is replaced in the role of Senior Independent 
Director by David Nish. Kathleen Casey has 
informed the Board that she will not stand  
for re-election at the next AGM, in April 2020. 
Jonathan, Marc, Jon and Kathy have all made 
formidable and invaluable contributions to  
the work of the Board and they leave with  
our profound thanks and gratitude.
At the time of our interim results,  
I said that the external environment  
was becoming increasingly complex  
and challenging. As our 2019 results 
demonstrate, this has proven to be  
the case.
An impairment of historical goodwill caused  
our reported profit before tax to fall by 33%, 
but the strength and resilience of our business 
model delivered an adjusted profit before  
tax of $22.2bn, up 5%. Retail Banking  
and Wealth Management, Commercial 
Banking and Global Private Banking 
performed well, while our leading transaction 
banking franchise again demonstrated the 
effectiveness of our global network. This, 
alongside the Group’s capital strength, has 
given the Board the confidence to approve  
an unchanged dividend of $0.51 for 2019.
Strategy
At the time of Noel Quinn’s appointment as 
interim Group Chief Executive in August 2019, 
the Board gave him full authority to address 
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
6

--- Page 9 ---
Group Chairman’s statement
“ Even in this environment, 
there are many 
opportunities for a bank of 
HSBC’s scale and reach.”
The global economy
HSBC is a global bank, albeit one closely 
associated with mainland China, Hong Kong 
and the UK. Each of these continues to face 
major challenges.
We continue to monitor the coronavirus 
outbreak very closely. Our priority is  
always the well-being of our customers and 
staff, and we will continue to do all we can  
to ensure their safety and support them 
through this difficult time.
Social unrest in Hong Kong has weighed on 
the local economy and caused significant 
disruption. We deplore all violence and 
support a peaceful resolution under the 
framework of ‘one country, two systems’.  
I am enormously proud of the dedication  
and perseverance of our people in Hong Kong, 
who have continued to support our customers 
to their utmost ability in spite of the difficulties 
they have faced.
Now that the UK has officially left the  
EU, negotiations can begin on their future 
relationship. This has provided some  
certainty, but no trade negotiation is ever 
straightforward. It is essential that the eventual 
agreement protects and fosters the many 
benefits that financial services provide to  
both the UK and the EU. At the same time  
as remaining close to Europe, the UK must 
also strengthen its links with other key 
partners, including the US, China and 
south-east Asia. We look forward to working 
with governments to help achieve this.
The macroeconomic environment as a whole 
remains uncertain. As a result of the impact  
of the coronavirus outbreak, we have lowered 
our expectations for growth in the Asian 
economy in 2020. The main impact will  
be in the first quarter, but we expect some 
improvement as the virus becomes contained. 
The agreement of a ‘phase one’ trade deal 
between China and the US is a positive step, 
but we remain cautious about the prospects 
for a wider-ranging agreement given 
disagreements that still exist, particularly  
over technology. We expect growth in the  
US to be resilient, but slower than in 2019.
Overall, we expect global growth to  
stabilise over the course of 2020, albeit  
at a slightly lower rate than in recent years. 
This underlines the need to make the most  
of the opportunities ahead.
Serving all our stakeholders
HSBC has long recognised its responsibilities 
to its stakeholders. Being a responsible 
corporate citizen is a principle that must  
sit at the heart of any sustainable business.  
I welcome the renewed focus and debate 
around corporate purpose in the media and 
elsewhere over the last 12 months. We are 
committed to creating long-term value for all 
those we work with and for – our investors, 
customers, employees, suppliers and the 
communities we serve. 
Business also has a critical role to play in  
the transition to a low-carbon future, and we 
believe that we have an opportunity to be a 
leader. Sustainability features prominently in 
our strategy, as well as in the way we run the 
business. We are absolutely committed to 
working closely with our customers, regulators 
and governments to accelerate progress 
towards a cleaner and more sustainable world. 
The steps we are taking to achieve this are 
outlined in our ESG Update, which is also 
published today.
Our people are the driving force behind 
HSBC’s success. 2019 was a challenging  
year, throughout which the professionalism 
and expertise of our people were always  
to the fore in even the most testing 
circumstances. I am very grateful to them  
for their hard work and their commitment  
to our customers, and each other.
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
18 February 2020
7

--- Page 10 ---
Strategic report
Group Chief Executive’s review
As we pursue our plan to deliver greater value for our 
customers and shareholders, we will continue to seek  
to grow the parts of the business where we are  
strongest while addressing areas of underperformance.
digital capabilities, and to make it easier  
for our customers to bank with us. This  
has enhanced the service we offer, helping  
to attract new customers and capture  
market share in our major markets and  
from our international network.
This was evident in a resilient performance in 
2019. A strong first half, particularly in Asia, 
was tempered by the impact of worsening 
global economic conditions, geopolitical 
uncertainty and a lower interest rate outlook 
in the second half of the year. Much of our 
business held up well, particularly in Asia  
and the markets served by our international 
network. However, underperformance in 
other areas acted as a drag on the returns  
of the Group.
As we pursue our plan to deliver greater  
value for our customers and shareholders,  
we will continue to seek to grow the parts of  
the business where we are strongest. However, 
given the changed economic environment, we 
must also act decisively to reshape areas of 
persistent underperformance, particularly in 
Global Banking and Markets in Europe and  
the US. We also aim to simplify the Group to 
accelerate the pace of change and reduce the 
size of its cost base. This should create a leaner, 
simpler and more competitive Group that is 
better positioned to deliver higher returns  
for investors.
Financial performance
Group reported profit before tax was down 
33% compared with 2018, due to a goodwill 
impairment of $7.3bn. This arose from  
an update to long-term economic growth 
assumptions, which impacted a number of our 
businesses, and from the planned reshaping  
of Global Banking and Markets. Adjusted  
profit before tax increased by 5%, reflecting 
revenue growth in three of our four global 
businesses. Disciplined cost management 
helped secure positive adjusted jaws of 3.1%, 
despite continued heavy investment in growth 
and technology. Our Group return on average 
tangible equity – our headline measure –  
fell from 8.6% in 2018 to 8.4%.
We delivered good revenue growth in our 
targeted areas. Our Hong Kong business and 
our UK ring-fenced bank, HSBC UK, showed 
great resilience to produce adjusted revenue 
growth of 7% and 3% respectively, despite 
the uncertainty affecting both places during 
2019. Our businesses in Mexico, India, the 
ASEAN region and mainland China also 
performed well. The biggest areas of 
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive 
8
HSBC exists for a clear purpose – to 
connect customers to opportunities. We 
want to be where the growth is, enabling 
businesses to thrive and economies to 
prosper, and helping people to fulfil their 
hopes and realise their ambitions. 
For 155 years, this purpose has underpinned 
all that we do, and it continues to guide us as 
we seek to adapt HSBC to changing customer 
expectations in an evolving economic, political 
and digital landscape.
HSBC possesses a number of advantages that 
set us apart from our competitors. We have 
an extensive international footprint with 
excellent access to faster-growing areas in 
Asia and the Middle East; a market-leading 
transaction banking franchise connecting 
customers to opportunities around the world; 
and full-scale retail banking operations in 
Hong Kong, the UK and Mexico, with a 
premier international wealth proposition.
In 2018, we began a programme of 
investment to build on these strengths,  
with our customers at the centre. We have 
since invested more than $8.6bn – of which 
$4.5bn was in 2019 – to connect more 
customers to our international network, to 
provide a better service through improved 

--- Page 11 ---
Group Chief Executive’s review
“ Our immediate aims are to 
increase returns, invest in the 
future, and build a platform 
for sustainable growth.”
underperformance were our businesses  
in the US and our European non-ring-fenced 
bank, both of which saw a reduction in 
revenue and profit before tax.
Retail Banking and Wealth Management  
had a good year, delivering adjusted revenue 
growth of 9%. This reflected the impact  
of investment in improved customer service 
and growth, which helped us win new 
customers, increase deposits, and grow 
lending in our major markets, particularly 
mortgage lending in the UK and Hong Kong. 
Our Wealth business also benefited from 
favourable market impacts in Insurance.
Commercial Banking grew adjusted revenue 
by 6%, with increases in all major products 
and regions. Investment in new platforms, 
digital capabilities and increased lending 
improved our ability to attract new customers 
and capitalise on wider margins, particularly 
in Global Liquidity and Cash Management and 
Credit and Lending.
Global Banking and Markets had a 
challenging year in which economic 
uncertainty led to reduced client activity, 
particularly in Europe and the US. Despite 
this, adjusted revenue was just 1% lower  
than 2018 due to strong performances  
from our transaction banking businesses.
Global Private Banking continued to benefit 
from close collaboration with our other global 
businesses, attracting $23bn of net new 
money and increasing adjusted revenue  
by 5%. 
2020 outlook
Since the start of January, the coronavirus 
outbreak has created significant disruption for 
our staff, suppliers and customers, particularly 
in mainland China and Hong Kong. We 
understand the difficulties this poses and have 
put measures in place to support them through 
this challenging time. Depending on how the 
situation develops, there is the potential for any 
associated economic slowdown to impact our 
expected credit losses in Hong Kong and 
mainland China. Longer term, it is also possible 
that we may see revenue reductions from 
lower lending and transaction volumes, and 
further credit losses stemming from disruption 
to customer supply chains. We continue to 
monitor the situation closely.
Reshaping for sustainable growth
Our immediate aims are to increase returns, 
create the capacity to invest in the future,  
and build a platform for sustainable growth. 
We intend to do this in three ways.
First, we plan to materially reshape the 
underperforming areas of the Group. Around  
30% of our capital is currently allocated to 
businesses that are delivering returns below 
their cost of equity, largely in Global Banking 
and Markets in Europe and the US. We intend 
to focus these businesses on our strengths as 
a leading international bank and to simplify our 
footprint, exiting businesses where necessary 
and reducing both risk-weighted assets  
and costs.
Second, we aim to reduce Group costs by 
increasing efficiencies, sharing capabilities  
and investing in automation and digitisation.
Third, we intend to simplify HSBC to increase 
the pace of execution and agility. This includes 
changing our matrix structure and reducing 
fragmentation, simplifying the geographical 
organisation of the Group, and combining Retail 
Banking and Wealth Management and Global 
Private Banking to create one of the world’s 
largest wealth management businesses.
In total, we are targeting more than $100bn  
of gross risk-weighted asset reductions, a 
reduced cost base of $31bn or lower, and a 
Group return on average tangible equity of 
10% to 12% in 2022. We aim to reinvest the 
risk-weighted assets saved into higher-growth, 
higher-returning opportunities in other parts of 
the business. We intend to do these things 
while sustaining the dividend and maintaining 
a CET1 ratio of 14% to 15%. This is described  
in detail on pages 12 and 13.
Since my appointment in August, we have 
reduced Group risk-weighted assets and  
FTE headcount, and slowed our cost growth 
considerably. We also began the run-down of 
risk-weighted assets in our European business 
in the fourth quarter of 2019. We will provide 
an update on our progress as we report  
future results.
Connecting customers to opportunities
The investment we are making in growth, 
technology and innovation is improving our 
service to customers and connecting them  
to opportunities around the world.
For our retail customers, we introduced more 
than 160 new digital features in 2019 to make 
everyday banking easier, including improved 
digital account opening, loan and mortgage 
applications, and instant money transfers.
In Hong Kong, we have made it simpler and 
faster for our Hong Kong customers to make 
payments through our redesigned PayMe app, 
and launched PayMe for Business, expanding 
the PayMe ecosystem for the 1.9 million 
individual account holders who use it as part  
of their daily lives.
Global Banking and Markets launched  
MyDeal in 2019 to make the deal execution 
process in our primary capital markets 
business more efficient for our clients. Our 
Global Private Banking business also launched 
a new online investment services portal to 
give our customers more control over the 
service they receive.
Commercial Banking launched Serai in 2019  
to simplify international trade for SMEs with 
global trade ambitions. It provides both a 
digital lending product and a networking 
platform to match buyers and sellers and  
build trusted business relationships. We  
also remained at the forefront of international 
efforts to commercialise blockchain 
technology to make trade finance easier, faster 
and safer for businesses. As part of this, we 
completed 11 letters of credit transactions 
using blockchain technology in 2019, including 
the first cross-border transaction in China.
Our people
It was a great honour to be asked to lead 
HSBC on an interim basis and I am grateful to 
John Flint for making the transition as smooth 
as possible. John was an excellent servant of 
HSBC for more than 30 years and leaves with 
our good wishes.
I am proud to work with all of my colleagues 
across 64 countries and territories who serve 
HSBC and its customers with exceptional 
dedication. I am particularly grateful to 
colleagues in Hong Kong, mainland China  
and the UK for their professionalism and 
application during recent periods of high 
uncertainty. I thank them sincerely for their 
service and support.
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive 
18 February 2020 
9
 
