
--- Page 9 ---
Group Chairman’s Statement
Sound progress on strategic initiatives
The Strategic Report highlights delivery to date 
against the strategic objectives laid out in last 
June’s Investor Update.
When assessing management performance during 
2015, outside of the financial results, the Board took 
particular account of the following aspects.
The successful negotiation of a majority stake  
in a new nationally licensed securities joint-venture 
in mainland China is the culmination of more  
than a decade of seeking out an appropriate 
platform through which to participate in the 
country’s fast-developing securities markets.  
Once final approvals have been received, we 
believe this will establish a landmark opportunity  
for HSBC to contribute to the development of 
China’s capital markets.
‘ Our three major businesses generated higher 
revenue, notwithstanding the uncertain 
economic environment and the considerable 
reshaping necessitated by regulatory changes’
During 2015, the Group maintained, reinforced and 
broadened its leadership position in all aspects of 
the internationalisation of the renminbi. This position 
has been built over the past five years to establish  
a highly competitive platform to service China’s 
international trade and investment flows as it 
pursues the financial liberalisation and outgoing 
investment priorities laid out in the recent 13th 
five-year plan. The recent highly successful State 
visit to the UK, following an equally successful 
Economic and Financial dialogue in China, served to 
illustrate the huge potential for mutually beneficial 
cooperation between the UK and China from which 
HSBC is uniquely positioned to benefit in the realm 
of financial services.
The disposal of our Brazilian operations, which  
is expected to complete shortly, was both timely 
and well executed. This divestment was a key 
element of the Board’s desire to simplify the Group 
and redeploy capital to geographic areas where  
we have greater competitive strength, most 
particularly in Asia. 
Our three major businesses generated higher 
revenue, notwithstanding the uncertain economic 
environment and the considerable reshaping 
necessitated by regulatory changes. Global Banking 
and Markets and Retail Banking and Wealth 
Management, in particular, have made significant 
changes to their business models and are now 
beginning to see the benefits. Commercial Banking 
continued to leverage the value of the Group’s 
international network and product capabilities. 
Global Private Banking, chastened by the exposure 
of historical failings in Switzerland, accelerated 
disposal of a number of customer portfolios as  
it refocused its business model on core customer 
segments within a fully transparent operating model. 
Across all businesses, the Board recognised  
a heightened emphasis on customer focus, which 
permeated recruitment, training, product design  
and incentives. This is essential to the restoration  
of trust.
Finally, and underpinning the above, we made 
further progress embedding the standards now 
expected to protect customers and the financial 
system from bad actors and financial crime. We are, 
however, not yet where we need to be. There is still 
more investment to make with ever greater urgency 
as more and more activity takes place digitally 
through multiple channels and via increasingly 
sophisticated mobile devices. HSBC’s determination 
to address emerging risks and identify bad actors 
remains resolute. The Board has made it one of its 
top priorities to oversee and ensure management’s 
delivery of the necessary enhancements to 
customer and transaction screening systems.
The regulatory landscape has  
become clearer
The second half of 2015 saw completion of some  
of the most important and complex initiatives 
undertaken to repair the fault lines that contributed 
to the global financial crisis. International agreement 
was reached on the amount of total loss-absorbing 
capacity that global systemically important banks, 
such as HSBC, need for orderly resolution, without 
risks to public funds. This allowed the Financial 
Stability Board to report to G20 leaders that they  
had finalised the tools needed to end ‘too big to fail’  
in the banking sector. There is still much to do  
to build these tools into national legislative and 
regulatory frameworks; however, this international 
agreement is an important step forward towards 
finally settling the capital base against which we  
can assess our target returns. 
HSBC HOldInGS plC
7

--- Page 10 ---
Strategic Report | Group Chairman’s Statement
There is now broad agreement that the 
implementation of the suite of regulatory reforms 
introduced post-crisis has made the financial system 
more resilient. Accordingly, public policy priorities  
are now focusing on harnessing this greater strength 
and resilience to support economic growth, which 
we welcome.
Concentration within the current regulatory  
agenda is increasingly on new and emerging risks  
and vulnerabilities. There is growing industry 
participation in dialogue around these emerging 
threats, most notably regarding cyber risk, the 
changing liquidity dynamics resulting from more 
market-based finance and financial exclusion 
stemming from excessive risk aversion. 
Likewise, addressing the root causes of the 
misconduct issues that have bedevilled our industry 
in recent years has led to growing cooperation 
arising out of the multiplicity of joint working groups 
and enquiries that have examined the most serious 
failings. 2016 sees the introduction of the new 
Senior Managers’ Regime in the UK, which will 
reinforce individual responsibility and accountability, 
which we welcome. 
Also in the UK, 2015 saw further clarity given to  
the operation of the ‘ring-fenced’ bank structure  
and a welcome announcement of a reduction in  
the scope and rate of the bank levy going forward. 
It is too early to say whether this amounts to a new 
understanding between the industry and the public,  
but it is encouraging that the industry is once again 
gaining a voice at a time of great economic and 
geopolitical uncertainty. We can only fulfil our 
essential role if we have regained trust, a fact that  
is now fully understood.
Review of headquarters’ location
As we announced last week, the Board concluded 
its review of domicile alternatives and decided 
unanimously to remain headquartered in the UK.  
As we evaluated jurisdictions against the specified 
criteria, it became clear that the combination of  
our strategic focus on Asia and maintaining our hub 
in one of the world’s leading international financial 
centres, London, was not only compatible, but 
offered the best outcome for our customers and 
shareholders. This decision was taken after some 
10 months of careful analysis and assessment  
of geopolitical, economic, regulatory and financial 
factors. Advice was taken from internationally 
respected experts and from leading financial 
advisers. After considering all the relevant factors, 
the Board concluded that having our headquarters 
in the UK and our significant business in Asia Pacific 
led from Hong Kong, delivers the best of both 
worlds to our stakeholders. The completion of this 
review closes out one of the 10 strategic actions  
set out at our Investor Update last June.
Board changes
Subsequent to the changes announced with our 
interim results, we have made further changes to 
the Board. Safra Catz stepped down from the Board 
at the end of 2015 and Sir Simon Robertson, our 
Deputy Chairman, and Rona Fairhead will retire  
at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. 
‘ There is now broad agreement that the 
implementation of the suite of regulatory 
reforms introduced post-crisis has made  
the financial system more resilient’
Safra served on the Board for nearly eight years 
while Simon and Rona are HSBC’s longest serving 
non-executive Directors, having served for close to 
10 and 12 years, respectively. Over their respective 
periods of service, they have made invaluable 
contributions to the Group, not least during the 
global financial crisis, for which the Board is 
extremely grateful. Their combined expertise and 
experience in matters of governance, audit and  
risk, remuneration, technology, and international 
business affairs has been invaluable to HSBC  
and they will, upon their retirement, be sorely 
missed. On behalf of shareholders and the Board,  
I want to take this further opportunity to recognise 
their immense contributions to HSBC.
The Board was delighted to announce the 
appointments of Paul Walsh and Henri de Castries 
as independent non-executive Directors. Paul  
joined the Board on 1 January 2016 and Henri’s 
appointment takes effect from 1 March 2016.
Paul Walsh was Group CEO of Diageo plc between 
2000 and 2013. Under his leadership, Diageo was 
refocused from a diversified food, beverage and 
hotels conglomerate into one of the world’s leading 
global alcoholic beverage businesses. In building 
this position, Paul took Diageo from a largely 
European and US business into emerging markets 
and to global leadership through the acquisition of 
many of the world’s leading brands. 
Henri de Castries has more than 25 years of 
international experience in the finance industry. 
Henri has been Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of AXA, one of the world’s leading global 
insurance and asset management companies since 
April 2010 after serving as Chairman of its 
Management Board from May 2000.
Their international experience and track record  
in leading the reshaping of growing businesses, 
including undertaking business portfolio 
realignments, will be of great value to the Board as 
we address the opportunities and challenges ahead.
HSBC HOldInGS plC
8

--- Page 11 ---
There is a real possibility of meaningful stimulus  
for the global economy to come from further trade 
liberalisation initiatives such as the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership agreement, which was signed earlier 
this month.
The global focus on infrastructure development, 
most notably the Belt and Road initiative in China 
and the Juncker plan in Europe will expand public/
private financing opportunities. 
Similarly, the agreements reached on climate change 
at the recent COP21 conference in Paris will require 
further significant infrastructure renewal. They  
will also greatly expand the market for sustainable 
financing options such as green bonds where HSBC 
is a leading participant. Reinforcing this position,  
the Group recently committed $1bn to a green  
bond portfolio to fund projects in sectors such  
as renewable energy, energy efficiency, clean 
transportation and climate change adaption as  
well as SME financing in sectors such as public 
transport, education and healthcare.
Technology advancements in financial services are 
broadening access, improving customer service and 
lowering the costs of service delivery. At the same 
time, the amount of data held digitally is exploding, 
reinforcing the need to bolster cyber security. There 
is an urgent public policy need to clarify how 
responsibility is to be shared, given the growing 
number of routes through which customers can 
authorise movement of money from their accounts 
or the sharing of data within these accounts.
We enter 2016 with a clear strategy and with much  
of the Group’s required reshaping completed or under 
way. Our 264,000 staff, like their predecessors, went 
the extra mile consistently throughout 2015 to meet 
the demands placed on them by our customers, 
regulators and the public. I want to place on the 
record the Board’s appreciation of that commitment 
and our gratitude for what they have achieved to 
make HSBC fit for the next 150 years.
douglas Flint 
Group Chairman 
22 February 2016
Group Chairman’s Statement
looking back – our 150th anniversary
In 2015, HSBC marked its 150th anniversary by 
recognising its staff for their essential contributions 
through the ages, and its customers for their shared 
commitment and loyalty. As we enter the next 
period of our history, I want to reiterate these 
messages of gratitude and underline our recognition 
that such commitment and loyalty have to be earned.
HSBC has also always recognised its responsibilities 
to the communities it serves and so in this special 
year committed $150m of additional funding  
to community projects around the world over  
three years.
We also wanted to identify a distinctive cause with 
global significance to mark our special anniversary.
‘ We enter 2016 with a clear strategy and with 
much of the Group’s required reshaping 
completed or under way’
We were delighted, therefore, to announce a 
partnership with Cancer Research UK to support  
the scientific leaders of tomorrow through a  
$25m contribution towards the development  
and construction of the Francis Crick Institute.  
This state-of-the-art biomedical research facility  
will open in the heart of London in 2016 and support 
more than 1,200 scientists, collaborating to tackle 
the diseases that pose the greatest threat to 
humanity – cancer, heart disease, lung disease  
and infectious diseases, including HIV and malaria.
To mark HSBC’s support, 150 PhD students, 
selected from across the world, will have the 
opportunity to conduct vital research at the  
new institute. 
looking ahead
Current market conditions are inevitably concentrating 
attention on the risks that exist within the global 
economy. It is, however, important also to recognise 
again the resilience that our diversified business 
model and balance sheet strength provide, as well  
as noting the many counterbalances that should help 
to underpin the global economy.
China’s slower economic growth will undoubtedly 
contribute to a bumpier financial environment, but  
it is still expected to be the largest contributor to 
global growth as its economy transitions to higher 
added value manufacturing and services and 
becomes more consumer driven. This transition  
is driving our focus on the Pearl River Delta as a 
priority growth opportunity given its concentration  
of high tech, research focused and digital businesses.
HSBC HOldInGS plC
9

--- Page 12 ---
Group Chief 
Executive’s Review
HSBC is better balanced, better connected  
and better placed to capitalise on higher return 
businesses than it was 12 months ago. 
Business performance 
Our performance in 2015 again demonstrated the 
fundamental strength of our business. Targeted 
investment, prudent lending and our diversified, 
universal banking business model helped us achieve 
revenue growth in a difficult market environment 
whilst also reducing risk-weighted assets.  
We also started to implement the actions that  
we announced at our Investor Update in June  
to adapt HSBC to new operating conditions. 
Completing these plans will refocus the business  
to achieve stronger, sustainable growth and we  
are acting on them quickly and efficiently.
On an adjusted basis, we grew revenue over the 
course of the year. Global Banking and Markets 
performed strongly and Commercial Banking grew 
steadily in spite of slower trade. Principal Retail 
Banking and Wealth Management also grew 
following a strong Wealth Management performance 
in the first half. Global Private Banking grew in  
Asia, but was down overall due to the impact  
of the continued repositioning of the business.
Our adjusted operating expenses increased  
as we continued to strengthen our compliance 
capability whilst also investing for growth. However, 
a combination of strict cost management and the 
cost reduction programmes that we started in the 
middle of the year helped us keep second half costs 
flat relative to the first half, excluding the bank levy. 
Loan impairment charges remained generally low 
despite an increase in provisions towards the end  
of the year. This demonstrates again our prudent 
approach to lending and the benefit of our de-risking 
measures since 2011. 
In total, we generated $11.3bn of capital in  
2015, which enabled us to increase the dividend 
and strengthen the common equity tier 1 ratio.
HSBC HOldInGS plC
10

--- Page 13 ---
Group Chief Executive’s Review
Adapting HSBC
The plans that we announced at our Investor Update 
are designed to grow income, reduce costs and 
thereby increase our return on equity. There is a  
lot to do to achieve our targets but we have made  
a good start.
Reducing our risk-weighted assets (‘RWAs’) is vital 
to achieving a better return for shareholders. In 
2015, management action reduced RWAs by 
$124bn, which takes us nearly half-way towards  
our target to be achieved by the end of 2017. Much 
of this reduction came from Global Banking and 
Markets, although a large proportion also came from 
Commercial Banking, accelerated asset sales in our 
US Consumer and Mortgage Lending portfolio and 
the sale of our investment in Industrial Bank. We 
expect to deliver further RWA reductions in 2016,  
in addition to a decrease of around $33bn from  
the sale of our business in Brazil.
‘ The plans that we announced at our Investor 
Update are designed to grow income, reduce 
costs and increase our return on equity. There  
is a lot to do to achieve our targets but we have 
made a good start’
We have received a number of offers for our 
business in Turkey since June, none of which  
were deemed to be in the best interests of 
shareholders. We have therefore decided to retain 
and restructure our Turkish operations, maintaining 
our wholesale banking business and refocusing  
our retail banking network. This will provide better 
value for shareholders and continue to allow our 
clients to capitalise on HSBC’s international footprint.
Our cost-reduction measures are already having  
an impact on our cost base and HSBC is now a 
leaner business than at the half-year. All of our 
initiatives to reduce costs are under way and  
we expect further progress in 2016. 
We continued to redevelop our businesses in the 
US and Mexico over the course of 2015. These are 
important businesses in the context of the wider 
Group and we are committed to turning them 
around. An increase in cross-border business  
across the NAFTA area and improved collaboration 
between global businesses helped to generate 
increased revenue. They remain works in progress. 
We are investing in areas of the business that 
extract the greatest gain from our international 
network and market-leading strength in Asia. 
Investment in flagship transaction banking products 
helped to increase our market share, particularly  
in Payments and Cash Management, Foreign 
Exchange and Securities Services. 
The development of our Asia businesses is  
gaining momentum and we achieved growth  
in excess of GDP in seven out of eight of our 
priority Asia markets. 
We continue to expand our business in the Pearl 
River Delta and reached a number of milestones  
in 2015, including the signing of an agreement  
to form the first majority foreign-owned securities 
company in mainland China. When approved,  
this will allow us to engage in the full spectrum  
of securities business in the country. 
We remain the world’s number one bank for offshore 
renminbi services and increased revenue by 3% 
year-on-year in this vitally important growth market. 
Summary and outlook
HSBC is better balanced, better connected  
and better placed to capitalise on higher return 
businesses than it was 12 months ago. Our 
universal banking model is generating higher 
income from collaboration between businesses  
and our operating expenses and capital ratio  
are trending in the right direction. Maintaining  
these trends while boosting revenue will be  
the principal challenge in the year ahead. 
The current economic environment is uncertain,  
but our diversified banking model, low earnings 
volatility and strong capital generation give us 
strength and resilience that will stand us in  
good stead. 
We remain focused on delivering our nine remaining 
strategic actions by the end of 2017. 
Stuart Gulliver 
Group Chief Executive 
22 February 2016
HSBC HOldInGS plC
11

--- Page 14 ---
Our strategy
Capturing value from our international network 
Our ambition is to be recognised as the world’s leading and 
most respected international bank. We will achieve this by 
focusing on the needs of our customers and the societies we 
serve, thereby delivering long-term sustainable value to all of 
our stakeholders.
We aim to provide an unparalleled international network to 
connect faster-growing and developed markets. We seek to 
develop our wealth and retail banking businesses in markets 
where we can achieve profitable scale. Our strategy is built 
around long-term trends and reflects our distinctive advantages.
long-term trends
Increasing global connectivity
Shifting economic powers
The international flow of goods, services  
and finance continues to expand, aided  
by the development of technology and  
data in personal and commercial exchanges.
Of the world’s top 30 economies, we expect 
those of Asia, the Middle East and Africa to  
grow about three-fold by 2050.
The international flow of goods, services  
and finance, 2012 to 2025
Shipping volumes, measured by
weight of goods unloaded
2012
2025
$28 trillion
$85 trillion
33%
62%
Key
Emerging and 
transition markets
Developed markets
Source: McKinsey Global Institute,  
‘Global flows in a digital age’ (2014)
1990: 4,126m 
metric tonnes 
2014: 9,808m
metric tonnes 
Source: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Major trade and economic zones
Exports, compound annual growth rate 2014 to 2025
6.2% 5.7% 5.5% 4.7%
4.4%
3.5%
Greater China
Middle East and  
north Africa
ASEAn
nAFTA
Trans-pacific 
partnership
European 
Economic Area
Source: Oxford Economics 
HSBC HOldInGS plC
12

--- Page 15 ---
Our strategy
distinctive advantages
long-term strategy
Unrivalled global presence
Our network provides access to more than 90%  
of global GDP, trade and capital flows. We use it to 
offer products that facilitate trade and investment, 
and help clients participate in global growth 
opportunities. Our global presence helps us build 
deeper and more enduring relationships with 
businesses and individuals with international needs.
Universal banking model
Our four global businesses serve the full range of 
banking customers, from individual savers to large 
multinational companies. This universal banking 
model enables us to meet clients’ diverse financial 
needs effectively. Our balanced mix of businesses 
supports a strong capital and funding base, reduces 
our risk profile and volatility, and generates stable 
shareholder returns. 
develop our international network
We have an unparalleled presence in, and a long-
term commitment to, our strategic markets. We aim 
to develop our network of businesses to support future 
growth and increasing global connectivity. Our global 
reach and range of services place us in a strong 
position to connect customers to opportunities, helping 
both businesses and individuals to grow and prosper. 
Invest in wealth management  
and select retail businesses
We aim to capture opportunities arising from social 
mobility, wealth creation and long-term demographic 
changes in our priority markets. We invest in full-scale 
retail businesses in markets where we can achieve 
profitable scale. 
  We defined a series of strategic actions  
to deliver our long-term strategy through 2017.  
For details, see page 18.
Growing middle class 
Ageing populations 
Economic growth in the world’s fast-growing 
economies is bringing millions of people into  
the middle class, especially in Asia.
The world’s population aged 60 and above will 
more than double from less than one billion in 
2015 to more than two billion by 2050.
Size of middle class population
2010
2020
2030
Key
28%
54%
1.8bn
3.2bn
5.0bn
66%
Asia
Rest of the world
Over 64s as a share of working age population
(%)
20%
30%
40%
50%
10%
0%
EU
US
Greater China
India
Indonesia
World
Key
2015
2050
Source: OECD Development Centre, ‘Emerging  
middle class in developing countries’ (2010) 
Source: United Nations, 2015 Revision  
of World Population Prospects
HSBC HOldInGS plC
13

--- Page 16 ---
Value of the network
Unrivalled global presence 
Our network of businesses covers the world’s largest  
and fastest-growing trade corridors and economic zones. 
More than 40% of our client revenue derives from 
businesses and individuals with an international presence.
Mexico: 
Agriculture
Financing growth  
– AlSA
Tomato producer with 80% of 
product exported to the US and 
Canada. Our financing products 
helped ALSA grow production 
capacity by 50% and incorporate 
eco-friendly technology. ALSA  
manages foreign exchange through 
our digital platform, HSBCnet.
Access to opportunities
Our market presence
Transaction banking products 
Countries 
and  
territories
71
accounting for more than
Transaction banking product revenue
90%
of global Gdp, trade  
and capital flows
Sources: Global Insight (2015)  
and United Nations Conference  
on Trade and Development (2014)
$15.7bn
Our transaction banking products help clients 
participate in global trade and capital flows.  
We are an industry leader in: global trade  
and receivables finance, payments and cash 
management, and foreign exchange. We also 
provide securities services to help financial 
institutions access international markets.
HSBC HOldInGS plC
14

--- Page 17 ---
Value of the network
Simplified international banking 
– Somfy
World leader in door and window 
automation, operating in 60 countries.  
For more than 10 years, we have 
simplified Somfy’s banking arrangements 
across the Americas, Europe, the Middle 
East and Asia. We provide Somfy with 
cash and liquidity management in 23 
countries, including renminbi cash flows 
into and out of China.
France: 
Motors and automatic controls
Hong Kong: 
design and manufacturing
Tailored financing  
– Cosmosupplylab
Producer of smart accessories for 
global computer and electronics 
brands. Our relationships across 
Cosmosupplylab’s supply chain  
in Asia and the US allowed us to 
provide tailored financing to help 
increase production to meet 
fast-growing demand. 
largest trade corridors and market presence
2020 forecast, $ billion
726
697
611
586
HSBC priority market on 
both sides of corridor
HSBC priority market on 
one side of corridor
275
273
215
193
167
155
155
127
124
118
106
CHN-
HK
CAN-
USA
CHN-
USA
MEX-
USA
CHN-
JPN
CHN-
KOR
FRA-
GER
JPN-
USA
CHN-
GER
GER-
USA
GER-
UK
AUS-
CHN
KOR-
USA
GER-
POL
CHN-
VNM
Source: Oxford Economics
Our priority markets cover both 
sides of nine of the world’s 15 
largest bilateral trade corridors, 
and represent at least one side 
of the other six corridors. These 
corridors represent nearly 50% 
of global trade. Five of the 15 
corridors are within Asia and six 
connect countries between two 
geographic regions.
HSBC HOldInGS plC
15

--- Page 18 ---
Strategic Report
Delivering our network  
to customers
Business synergies 
(equivalent % of total reported revenue 2015)
19%
Business synergies revenue
($bn)
2015
2014
11.6
11.0
Services around the world
Business synergies
Engaging in the global economy
delivering the whole of HSBC 
The value of our international network 
comes from our connections to the 
people and companies that drive 
economic activity. We provide products 
and services to meet diverse financial 
needs – from purchasing a music 
download to financing the construction of 
an international airport. Our relationships 
reflect the geographic reach of our 
network and the range of customers  
we support. For further details on our 
global businesses, see pages 28 to 31.
Our network of clients enables us to  
have greater insight into trade and capital 
flows across supply chains. When  
we bank clients on both sides of a 
transaction, we can help them overcome 
obstacles and manage risk and liquidity 
costs more effectively. We are uniquely 
positioned to be the bridge between 
customers, both large and small,  
around the world.
We develop our products and services  
to be globally consistent and to represent 
the highest standards across all of our 
markets. This allows us to serve our 
clients efficiently and in a consistent  
way wherever we serve them. 
By providing a wide range of product 
capabilities and resources, we bring 
additional benefits to customers and 
efficiencies to the Group. Our global 
businesses work together to offer tailored 
solutions to the various client segments 
we serve across the Group with a higher 
level of performance and greater ease  
of use. 
For example, we can provide Markets 
products to small businesses as well as 
large multinational companies. We insure 
risks for individuals and corporations alike. 
We aim to develop long-term relationships 
that lead to us supplying products  
and services from across our global 
businesses. Many of our private banking 
clients, for example, own companies  
that are Commercial Banking or Global 
Banking and Markets (‘GB&M’) clients.  
By sharing knowledge and expertise,  
our businesses continuously enhance  
our capabilities and operations. 
In 2015, business synergy revenue  
were equivalent to 19% of total revenue 
for the Group. We grew revenue across 
the majority of the cross-business 
synergies we track, including a 7% 
increase in revenue from Payments  
and Cash Management (‘PCM’) products 
sold to GB&M customers.
 ‘ Our relationships reflect  
 the geographic reach  
of our network’
HSBC HOldInGS plC
16
