
--- Page 8 ---
Strategic report
Group Chairman’s statement
The past year brought unprecedented challenges, but our 
people responded exceptionally well and our performance  
has been resilient.
helped ensure our customers received the 
support they needed – all the while managing 
their own, at times extremely difficult, 
situations at home. On behalf of the Board, I 
would like to express my deepest thanks to 
them all for the exceptional way they are 
responding to these most challenging 
circumstances. 
Against this backdrop, HSBC demonstrated a 
resilient performance. Reported profit before 
tax was $8.8bn, a fall of 34%, and adjusted 
profit before tax was $12.1bn, down 45%. 
Within this, Global Banking and Markets 
performed particularly well, while Asia was 
once again by far the most profitable region. 
Deposits also increased significantly across 
the Group, reinforcing the strength of our 
funding and liquidity positions.
In response to a request from the UK’s 
Prudential Regulation Authority, we cancelled 
the fourth interim dividend for 2019. We also 
announced that, until the end of 2020, we 
would make no quarterly or interim dividend 
payments or accruals in respect of ordinary 
shares. This was a difficult decision and we 
deeply regret the impact it has had on our 
shareholders. We are therefore pleased to 
restart dividend payments at the earliest 
opportunity. The Board has announced an 
interim dividend of $0.15 for 2020, and 
adopted a policy designed to provide 
sustainable dividends in the future.
Board of Directors
The confirmation of Noel Quinn as permanent 
Group Chief Executive underlined the Board’s 
belief that he is the best person to lead  
the delivery of the strategic plan. We look  
forward to working closely with Noel and  
the management team as they focus on 
executing our strategic priorities in 2021.
Jamie Forese, Steve Guggenheimer and  
Eileen Murray joined the Board as independent 
non-executive Directors in 2020. All three  
have already demonstrated the valuable skills, 
expertise and experience they bring across  
a wide range of areas, including technology. 
We have also announced that Dame Carolyn 
Fairbairn will join the Board as an independent 
non-executive Director. Carolyn will bring  
a wealth of relevant experience, and her 
appointment will be effective from  
1 September 2021. 
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
6
In 2020, we experienced economic and 
social upheaval on a scale unseen in 
living memory. Even before the year 
began, the external environment was 
being reshaped by a range of factors 
– including the impact of trade tensions 
between the US and China, Brexit, low 
interest rates and rapid technological 
development. The spread of the Covid-19 
virus made that environment all the more 
complex and challenging.
The Covid-19 pandemic has severely impacted 
our customers, our colleagues, our 
shareholders and the communities we serve. 
The first priority was, and remains, dealing 
with the public health crisis, but the economic 
crisis that unfolded simultaneously has also 
been unprecedented in recent times. The 
financial services industry has been at the 
forefront of helping businesses and individuals 
through the difficulties they have faced, 
working with governments and regulators 
towards expected recovery and future growth. 
I am enormously proud of the professionalism, 
dedication and energy that my colleagues 
around the world have demonstrated as they 

--- Page 9 ---
Group Chairman’s statement
“ There are many 
opportunities ahead  
for a bank with HSBC’s 
competitive strengths.”
As reported in the Annual Report and 
Accounts 2019, Sir Jonathan Symonds and 
Kathleen Casey retired from the Board last 
year. Today we also announced that Laura Cha 
will step down from the Board immediately 
after our 2021 Annual General Meeting 
(‘AGM’) in May. I would like to thank  
Jon, Kathy and Laura for the enormous 
contributions they made to HSBC during their 
years of service. We are now in the advanced 
stages of a search for suitable candidates  
to join and strengthen the Board, and I will 
update further on the outcome of this search 
in due course.
Like the rest of the Group, the Board had to 
adapt its ways of working in 2020. We met 
virtually for much of the year, which brought 
benefits including less travel and more 
frequent, shorter meetings. It will be important 
for us to consider how we retain what has 
worked well over the last year once restrictions 
are lifted and it becomes possible to travel 
once again.
The Board enjoys the constructive discussions 
that we have with shareholders at the AGM in 
the UK and the Informal Shareholders’ 
Meeting in Hong Kong, so it was a matter of 
regret that we did not meet in person in 2020. 
While we did maintain regular contact with 
shareholders throughout the year, we will 
resume our face-to-face engagement with 
shareholders in the UK, Hong Kong and more 
widely, as soon as is practicable.
External environment
After the significant deterioration in global 
economic conditions in the first half of the year 
due to the Covid-19 pandemic, there were 
signs of improvement in the second half, 
especially in Asia. The most impressive 
economic recovery has been in China – still 
the biggest driver of global growth – where 
international trade is rebounding most 
strongly. The signing of the Regional 
Comprehensive Economic Partnership should 
further boost intra-regional activity across 
Asia, while the recent political agreement 
between the EU and China on an investment 
deal should, once ratified, bolster the already 
significant two-way investment flows.
Covid-19 infection levels remain very high in 
Europe, the US and Latin America, and new 
variants of the virus have spread quickly. This 
has necessitated new lockdown measures  
in the UK and other countries. While the 
deployment of multiple vaccines means we 
are more optimistic about the future, there is 
clearly still some way to go before life can 
return to something like normality. Recovery 
will therefore take longer in these economies, 
with growth more likely later in 2021 in  
these economies.
The agreement of a trade deal between the  
UK and EU prior to the end of 2020 provides 
some certainty for cross-border trade. 
However, the reduced access for financial 
services under these new arrangements 
means that further work is needed to maintain 
the level playing field that has existed until 
now. Given the many benefits that the UK 
financial services industry brings to the UK 
and EU economies, equivalence must be a  
key priority for both parties.
The geopolitical environment remains 
challenging – in particular for a global bank  
like HSBC – and we continue to be mindful  
of the potential impact that it could have on 
our strategy. We continue to engage fully  
and frequently with all governments as we 
seek to do everything we possibly can to  
help our customers navigate an increasingly 
complex world.
Capturing future opportunities
Given the external environment, it is vital  
we stay focused on what we can control.  
The Board is confident there are many 
opportunities ahead for a bank with HSBC’s 
competitive strengths. This makes it all the 
more important that we position ourselves  
to capture them.
While we prioritised supporting our customers 
and our people during the pandemic, we 
made good progress against the three 
strategic priorities announced in February 
2020 – reallocating capital from 
underperforming parts of the business, 
reducing costs and simplifying the 
organisation. In particular, the Board worked 
closely with the management team over the 
course of the year on plans to accelerate 
progress and investment in key areas of 
growth, which include our Asian franchise,  
our wealth business and new technology 
across the Group. 
We are today unveiling the outcome of 
extensive consultation with our people and 
customers on the Group’s purpose and values. 
Being clear about who we are, what we stand 
for and how this connects to our strategy is an 
important part of how we align and energise 
the organisation to create long-term value for 
all those we work with and for – our investors, 
customers, employees, suppliers and the 
communities we serve. The Board fully 
endorses the outcome of this work.
Our commitment to create sustainable value is 
demonstrated by the new climate ambitions 
we announced in October 2020. The most 
significant contribution that HSBC can make 
to the fight against climate change is to bring 
our customers with us on the transition to a 
low-carbon future. Our goal of being net zero 
for our financed emissions by 2050 sends an 
important signal to our investors, our 
customers and our people – if our clients are 
prepared to change their business models and 
make that transition, we will help and support 
them to do so. HSBC was also delighted to be 
one of the founding signatories of the Terra 
Carta, which was launched last month by HRH 
The Prince of Wales’ Sustainable Markets 
Initiative. Further details about all of the steps 
we are taking towards a more sustainable 
future are set out in the ESG review, which for 
the first time is included within the Annual 
Report and Accounts 2020.
Finally, 2020 underlined once again that  
our people are the driving force behind  
our business. I would like to reiterate how 
enormously grateful I am to my colleagues for 
the great dedication and care they showed to 
our customers and to each other during such 
testing times. Further empowering and 
enabling them to do their jobs and execute  
our strategic priorities is the key to our  
future success.
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
23 February 2021
7

--- Page 10 ---
Strategic report 
Group Chief Executive’s review
With a blueprint for the future and a renewed purpose to guide us, 
we are building a dynamic, efficient and agile global bank with a 
digital-first mindset, capable of providing a world-leading service 
to our customers and strong returns for our investors.
digital capabilities – both in 2020 and in 
previous years – enabled our customers to 
access more services remotely, and we 
worked closely with our regulators around the 
world to open new digital channels in a safe 
and secure way. In total, we provided more 
than $26bn of relief to our personal customers 
and more than $52bn to our wholesale 
customers, both through government 
schemes and our own relief initiatives. We also 
played a vital role in keeping capital flowing for 
our clients, arranging more than $1.9tn of loan, 
debt and equity financing for our wholesale 
customers during 2020.
Even in the middle of the pandemic, we 
continued to look to the future. In October, we 
announced our ambition to become a net zero 
bank by 2050, supporting customers through 
the transition to a low-carbon economy and 
helping to unlock next-generation climate 
solutions. If the Covid-19 pandemic provided a 
shock to the system, a climate crisis has the 
potential to be much more drastic in its 
consequences and longevity. We are therefore 
stepping up support for our clients in a material 
way, working together to build a thriving 
low-carbon economy and focusing our 
business on helping achieve that goal.
The actions we outlined in February 2020  
are largely on track or ahead of where  
we intended them to be, despite the 
complications of the pandemic. We renewed 
and re-energised the senior management 
team, with around three-quarters of the Group 
Executive Committee in post for just over a 
year or less. Our business is more streamlined 
than it was a year ago, with three global 
businesses instead of four and increased 
back-office consolidation. Costs are down 
materially, with over $1bn of gross operating 
costs removed during 2020. We are also 
already more than half-way towards our target 
to reduce at least $100bn of gross risk-
weighted assets by 2022. Unfortunately, the 
changed interest-rate environment means  
we are no longer able to achieve a return  
on tangible equity of 10% to 12% by 2022.  
We will now target a return on tangible equity 
of 10% or above over the medium term.
The world around us changed significantly  
in 2020. Central bank interest rates in many 
countries fell to record lows. Pandemic-related 
lockdowns led to a rapid acceleration in the 
shift from physical to digital banking. Like 
many businesses, we learned that our people 
could be just as productive working from 
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive 
8
In 2020, HSBC had a very clear mandate 
– to provide stability in a highly unstable 
environment for our customers, 
communities and colleagues. I believe  
we achieved that in spite of the many 
challenges presented by the Covid-19 
pandemic and heightened geopolitical 
uncertainty.
Our people delivered an exceptional level  
of support for our customers in very tough 
circumstances, while our strong balance sheet 
and liquidity gave reassurance to those who 
rely on us. We achieved this while delivering  
a solid financial performance in the context  
of the pandemic – particularly in Asia – and 
laying firm foundations for our future growth.  
I am proud of everything our people achieved 
and grateful for the loyalty of our customers 
during a very turbulent year.
2020
Helping our customers emerge from the 
Covid-19 pandemic in a sustainable position 
was our most pressing priority. We did this by 
equipping our colleagues to work from home 
at the height of the pandemic, and keeping the 
vast majority of our branches and all of our 
contact centres open. Our investment in our 

--- Page 11 ---
Group Chief Executive’s review
“ Helping our customers 
emerge from the Covid-19 
pandemic in a sustainable 
position was our most 
pressing priority.“
home as in the office. Also, as the world 
resolved to build back responsibly from the 
pandemic, governments, businesses and 
customers united to accelerate a low-carbon 
transition that works for all.
All of these things caused us to adjust and 
reinforce elements of our strategy to fit this 
new environment. The growth plans that we 
have developed are a natural progression of 
our February 2020 plans. They aim to play to 
our strengths, especially in Asia; to accelerate 
our technology investment plans to deliver 
better customer service and increased 
productivity; to energise our business for 
growth; and to invest further in our own 
low-carbon transition and that of our 
customers. They are also designed to  
deliver a 10% return on tangible equity over  
the medium term in the current low interest-
rate environment.
Our purpose
As we charted the next stage of HSBC’s 
journey, we also reflected on our purpose as a 
business. We consulted widely both internally 
and externally, speaking to thousands of 
colleagues and customers, and looked deeply 
into our history. The same themes came up 
again and again.
HSBC has always focused on helping 
customers pursue the opportunities around 
them, whether as individuals or businesses. 
Sometimes those opportunities are clear and 
visible, and sometimes they are far from 
obvious. Sometimes they arise in the next 
street, and sometimes on the next continent. 
Sometimes they exist in the status quo, and 
sometimes they are a product of great social 
or economic change. But always, they 
represent a chance for our customers to grow 
and to help those close to them – protecting, 
nurturing, building.
‘Opening up a world of opportunity’ both 
captures this aim and lays down a challenge 
for the future. Opportunity never stands still. It 
changes and evolves with the world around 
us. It is our job to keep making the most of it, 
and to find and capture it with a spirit of 
entrepreneurialism, innovation and 
internationalism that represents HSBC at its 
very best. This is the essence of what our 
plans intend to deliver, and what we intend to 
keep delivering for our customers, colleagues 
and communities as we navigate change and 
complexity together. 
Financial performance
The pandemic inevitably affected our 2020 
financial performance. The shutdown of much 
of the global economy in the first half of the 
year caused a large rise in expected credit 
losses, and cuts in central bank interest rates 
reduced revenue in rate-sensitive business 
lines. We responded by accelerating the 
transformation of the Group, further reducing 
our operating costs and moving our focus 
from interest-rate sensitive business lines 
towards fee-generating businesses. Our 
expected credit losses stabilised in the second 
half of the year in line with the changed 
economic outlook, but the revenue 
environment remained muted.
As a consequence, the Group delivered 
$8.8bn of reported profit before tax, down 
34% on 2019, and $12.1bn of adjusted profits, 
down 45%. Our Asia business was again the 
major contributor, delivering $13bn of adjusted 
profit before tax in 2020.
Adjusted revenue was 8% lower than in 2019. 
This was due mainly to the impact of interest 
rate cuts at the start of the year on our deposit 
franchises in all three global businesses. By 
contrast, our Global Markets business 
benefited from increased customer activity 
due to market volatility throughout the year, 
growing adjusted revenue by 27%.
We made strong progress in reducing our 
operating expenses. A combination of our 
cost-saving programmes, cuts in 
performance-related pay and lower 
discretionary spending due to the Covid-19 
pandemic helped to reduce our adjusted 
operating expenses by $1.1bn or 3%.
9

--- Page 12 ---
Strategic report | Group Chief Executive’s review
Response to Covid-19
Our operations have stayed highly 
resilient and we are participating in 
several Covid-19 relief measures.
Approximately 
85% 
of our employees are now equipped to work 
from home.
We provided over 
$26bn 
of relief to our personal customers.
Our investment plans remain essential to the 
future of the business. We continued to invest 
heavily in technology while managing costs 
down, spending $5.5bn during 2020.
Our funding, liquidity and capital remain 
strong. We grew deposits by $173bn on a 
constant currency basis, with increases across 
all three global businesses. Our common 
equity tier one ratio was 15.9% on 31 
December 2020.
Our shareholders
It was a difficult year for our shareholders.  
The Covid-19 pandemic and the impact of 
geopolitics weighed heavily on our share price 
throughout 2020. In March, we cancelled the 
payment of our fourth interim dividend for 2019 
at the request of our lead regulator, and also 
agreed not to make any quarterly or interim 
dividend payments until the end of 2020. This 
particularly affected shareholders who rely on 
our dividend for income. It was a priority for the 
management team to get back to being able to 
pay dividends by the end of the year, and we 
were pleased to be able to recommend the 
payment of an interim dividend for 2020.
10
Dividends are hugely important, but so is 
capacity for growth. To deliver both, we are 
adopting a new policy designed to provide 
sustainable dividends, offering good income 
while giving management the flexibility to 
reinvest capital to grow the firm over the 
medium term. We will consider share 
buy-backs, over time and not in the near term, 
where no immediate opportunity for capital 
redeployment exists. We will also no longer 
offer a scrip dividend option, and will pay 
dividends entirely in cash. 
The last 12 months were tough, but I am highly 
focused on turning our performance around in 
2021 and beyond. I strongly believe that the 
combination of our growth plans and our new 
dividend policy will unlock greater value for our 
shareholders in the years to come.
Opening up a world of opportunity
‘Opening up a world of opportunity’ is more 
than a purpose – it is a statement of intent. 
Everything that we plan to do over the next 
decade is designed to unlock opportunity  
for our stakeholders, whether customers, 
colleagues, shareholders or communities.  
We intend to do this by building a dynamic, 
efficient and agile global bank with a 
digital-first mindset, capable of providing  
a world-leading service to our customers and 
strong returns for our investors. We will also 
need to focus intently on the areas where  
we excel, and to foster a commercial and 
entrepreneurial culture with a conviction to get 
things done. We believe we can achieve this in 
four ways.
First, we plan to focus on and invest in the 
areas in which we are strongest. In Wealth 
and Personal Banking, we aim to become a 
market-leader for high net worth and ultra high 
net worth clients in Asia and the Asian 
diaspora, and to invest in our biggest retail 
markets where the opportunity is greatest. In 
Commercial Banking, we want to remain a 
global leader in cross-border trade, and to lead 
the world in serving mid-market corporates 
internationally. In Global Banking and Markets, 
we intend to invest to capture trade and capital 
flows into and across Asia, while connecting 
global clients to Asia and the Middle East 
through our international network.
everything that we want to achieve. It is how 
we intend to win new customers and retain 
them, to become more agile and efficient, to 
create richer, seamless customer journeys, 
and to build strong and innovative 
partnerships that deliver excellent benefits  
for our customers. We have an opportunity  
to meet the growing market need for 
sophisticated, robust and rapid payment 
solutions, and to lead our industry in applying 
digital solutions to analogue services, such as 
trade. We therefore intend to protect 
technology investment throughout the cycle, 
even as we reduce spending elsewhere.
Third, we want to energise HSBC for growth 
through a strong culture, simple ways of 
working, and by equipping our colleagues 
with the future skills they need. Giving life to 
our purpose will be critical to building the 
dynamic, entrepreneurial and inclusive culture 
that we want to create, as will removing the 
remaining structural barriers that sometimes 
stop our people from delivering for our 
customers. We need to change the way we 
hire to build skills and capabilities in areas that 
are different to what we have needed 
historically, including data, artificial 
intelligence, and sustainable business models. 
Our expanded HSBC University will also help 
to upskill and reskill our people, while fostering 
more of the softer skills that technology can 
never replace.
Fourth, we will seek to help our customers and 
communities to capture the opportunities 
presented by the transition to a low-carbon 
economy. Accelerating this transition is the 
right thing to do for the environment, but also 
the right thing commercially. We intend to 
build on our market-leading position in 
sustainable finance, supporting our clients 
with $750bn to $1tn of sustainable financing 
and investment over the next 10 years. We 
also intend to unlock new climate solutions by 
building one of the world’s leading climate 
managers – HSBC Pollination Climate Asset 
Management – and helping to transform 
sustainable infrastructure into a global asset 
class. These will help us achieve our ambition 
to align our portfolio of financed emissions to 
the Paris Agreement goal to achieve net zero 
by 2050.
Second, we intend to increase the pace at 
which we digitise HSBC through higher levels 
of technology investment. This underpins 
Championing inclusion
I believe passionately in building an inclusive 
organisation in which everyone has the 

--- Page 13 ---
Group Chief Executive’s review
” I believe passionately  
in building an inclusive 
organisation in which 
everyone has the 
opportunity to fulfil  
their potential”
opportunity to fulfil their potential. Failing to do 
so isn’t just wrong, it is totally self-defeating. It 
means you don’t get the best out of the talent 
you have, and sends the wrong signals to the 
people you want to recruit. An inclusive 
environment is the foundation of a truly 
diverse organisation, with all of the rewards 
that brings.
There is much still to do, but we are moving in 
the right direction. More than 30% of our 
senior leaders are female, in line with the goal 
we set to achieve by the end of 2020. I want 
that number to increase to at least 35% by 
2025, and we have a number of initiatives in 
place to help achieve it. In May, we launched a 
new global ethnicity inclusion programme to 
better enable careers and career progression 
for colleagues from ethnic minorities, and in 
July, we made a series of commitments to 
address feedback from Black colleagues in 
particular. These included a commitment to 
more than double our number of Black senior 
leaders by 2025.
I am particularly proud that during a difficult 
year, which included a large-scale redundancy 
programme, employee sentiment improved 
within HSBC. Around 71% of my colleagues 
said that they found HSBC to be a great place 
to work, up from 66% in 2019. However, the 
view varies across employees from different 
groups. We know, for example, that 
employees with disabilities or who identify as 
ethnic minorities do not feel as engaged as 
others. I take these gaps very seriously.  
Better demographic data globally will help us 
benchmark and measure our progress more 
effectively, and we are taking concerted steps 
to be able to capture that information  
where possible. 
2021 outlook
We have had a good start to 2021, and I am 
cautiously optimistic for the year ahead. While a 
spike in Covid-19 infection rates led to renewed 
lockdown measures in many places at the start 
of 2021, the development of multiple vaccines 
gives us hope that the world will return to some 
form of normality before long. Nonetheless, we 
remain reactive to the ebb and flow of the 
Covid-19 virus and prepared to take further 
steps to manage the economic impact  
where necessary.
The geopolitical uncertainty that prevailed 
during 2020 remains a prominent feature of 
our operating environment. We are hopeful 
that this will reduce over the course of 2021, 
but mindful of the potential impact on our 
business if levels remain elevated. We remain 
focused on serving the needs of our 
customers, colleagues and communities in all 
our markets.
Our people
I would like to pay tribute to my colleagues 
and all those who supported them throughout 
a difficult year. HSBC is a community of 
around 226,000 colleagues – but it relies just 
as much on the family, friends and support 
networks that help them be the best they can 
be. Our people did extraordinary things in 
2020, but it asked a lot of those around them. I 
am hugely grateful to everyone who helped 
HSBC – whether directly or indirectly – in 
supporting our customers, communities and 
each other over the last 12 months.
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive
23 February 2021
11
 

--- Page 14 ---
Strategic report
Our strategy
Our strategy
With continued delivery against our February 2020 commitments, we 
are now in the next stage of our strategic plan, which responds to the 
significant shifts during the year and aligns to our refreshed purpose, 
values and ambition. 
Progress on our 2020 commitments
In February 2020, we outlined our plan to 
upgrade our returns profile through recycling 
risk-weighted assets (‘RWAs’) out of low-
return franchises into higher-performing ones, 
reducing our cost base and streamlining  
our organisation.
we outlined. We delivered $1bn of cost 
programme saves. We also reduced gross 
RWAs by $52bn, including $24bn from our 
non-ring-fenced bank in Europe and the UK, 
and are currently on track to meet the greater 
than $100bn target outlined by 2022. 
During 2020, in spite of significant headwinds 
posed by the impact of the Covid-19 outbreak 
across our network, we made significant 
progress on delivering against the ambitions 
We took bold steps to simplify our 
organisation, including the merger of Retail 
Banking and Wealth Management and Global 
Private Banking to form Wealth and Personal 
Banking. We also reduced management layers 
in Global Banking and Markets and our 
non-ring-fenced bank in Europe and the UK. 
We have built a strong capital position, ending 
the year with a CET1 ratio of 15.9%. Our return 
on tangible equity (‘RoTE’) of 3.1% was 
negatively impacted by the Covid-19 outbreak 
and the challenging macroeconomic 
environment, including lower interest rates 
and higher expected credit losses. 
Responding to the new environment 
There was a set of fundamental shifts in 2020 that profoundly impacted our organisation as well as the wider financial services sector. We have 
adapted our strategy accordingly.
Low interest-rate environment
Interest rates are expected to remain lower for 
longer, resulting in a more difficult revenue 
environment for the financial services sector.
The new digital experience economy
Remote working and global lockdowns due to 
the Covid-19 outbreak have increased our 
customers’ propensity and preference to 
engage digitally.
Increased focus on sustainability 
The demand for sustainable solutions and 
green finance rose to new highs in 2020.
Evolution of major interbank rates1
Three-month interbank offered rates (%)
3.0
2020
1.5
0.0
2018
2019
2020
2021
US
UK
Hong Kong
Digital banking usage up c.30%2 
in the industry 
% customers increasing digital usage, 
mid-2020 vs pre-Covid-19
80
60
40
20
0
Mobile 
Online
Average
US
UK
China
India
HSBC customer trends
125%
Increase in HSBCnet 
mobile downloads3
253%
Increase in HSBCnet 
mobile payments3
Green, social and sustainability 
(’GSS’) bond market4
$bn
GSS share
of global debt
capital markets
2018
179
2019
2020
261
2.7%
3.6%
5.0%
445
Companies with 
disclosed climate 
action targets 
under the Science 
Based Targets Initiative  
228
1,106
We are responding by targeting fee income 
growth in wealth and wholesale banking 
products and improving cost efficiencies.
We are responding by increasing investments 
in technology across our customer platforms.
We stepped up our climate ambitions – we 
aim to be a net zero bank and support our 
clients in their transition with $750bn to $1tn  
of financing. 
1 Source: Datastream.
2 Source: Bain & Company Covid-19 Pulse Survey, July 2020; Overall sample: 10,000.
3 Fourth quarter of 2020 vs fourth quarter of 2019.
4 Source: Dealogic.
12
        

--- Page 15 ---
Our strategy
Shifting capital to areas with the highest returns and growth
We are responding to the changes in our 
operating environment, and building on our 
2020 commitments. Our strategy includes 
accelerating the shift of capital to areas, 
principally Asia and wealth, that have 
demonstrated the highest returns and where 
we have sustainable advantage through scale. 
Our international network remains a key 
competitive advantage and we will continue to 
support cross-border banking flows between 
major trade corridors. Supported by these 
shifts, we are aiming to reach mid-single-digit 
revenue growth in the medium to long term1, 
with a higher proportion of our revenue 
coming from fee and insurance income.
Capital allocation
Asia
(as a % of Group tangible equity2)
Wealth and Personal Banking
(as a % of Group tangible equity3)
Fees and insurance
(as a % of total revenue)
2020
c.42%
2020
c.25%
2020
Medium to long term
c.50%
Medium to long term
c.35%
Medium to long term
c.29%
c.35%
2020
2020
2020
1 Medium term is three to four years; long term is ﬁve to six years.
2 Based on tangible equity of the major legal entities excluding associates, Holdings companies, consolidation adjustments, and any potential inorganic actions.
3 WPB tangible equity as a share of tangible equity allocated to the global businesses (excluding Corporate Centre). Excludes Holdings companies, 
   consolidation adjustments, and any potential inorganic actions.
Group targets, dividend and capital policy
To support the ambitions of our strategy, we have revised our Group targets, dividend and capital policy.
Adjusted costs in 2022
Gross RWA reduction by end of 20221
CET1 ratio 
≤$31bn
(on December 2020 average exchange rate;  
or ≤$30bn using full year 2020 average 
exchange rate) 
>$100bn
≥14%
(manage in 14% to 14.5% range over  
medium term2, and manage the range  
down further long term2)
Sustainable cash dividends with  
a payout ratio3 of
40% to 55% 
from 2022 onwards 
RoTE over medium term
≥10%
(vs 10% to 12% in 2022 in February 2020 
commitment)
We have increased our 2022 cost reduction target by $1bn and we plan to keep costs stable from 2022. We also plan to reduce tangible equity in the 
US and in our non-ring-fenced-bank in Europe and the UK, and increase tangible equity in Asia and in Wealth and Personal Banking. Dividends could 
be supplemented by buy-backs or special dividends, over time and not in the near term4. We will also no longer offer a scrip dividend option, and will 
pay dividends entirely in cash. Given the significant changes in our operating environment during 2020, we no longer expect to reach our RoTE target 
of between 10% and 12% in 2022 as originally planned.
1 Excludes any inorganic actions. 
2 Medium term is three to four years; long term is five to six years.
3  We intend to transition towards a target payout ratio of between 40% and 55% of reported earnings per ordinary share (‘EPS’) from 2022 onwards, with the 
flexibility to adjust EPS for non-cash significant items, such as goodwill or intangibles impairments.
4 Should the Group find itself in an excess capital position absent compelling investment opportunities to deploy that excess.
13
 

--- Page 16 ---
Strategic report | Our strategy
Our strategy
We have embedded our purpose, values and ambition into our strategy. Our purpose is ‘Opening up a world of opportunity’. Our values are: 
we value difference; we succeed together; we take responsibility; and we get it done. Our ambition is to be the preferred international financial 
partner for our clients. Our strategy centres around four key areas: focus on our areas of strengths; digitise at scale to adapt our operating 
model for the future; energise our organisation for growth; and support the transition to a net zero global economy.
Focus on our strengths
In our global businesses 
In each of our global businesses, we will focus on areas where we are strongest and have significant opportunities for growth. We aim to invest 
approximately $6bn in Asia1, where we intend to drive double-digit growth in profit before tax in the region in the medium to long term2.
Wealth and Personal Banking
Our goal is to lead in wealth, with a particular 
focus on Asia and the Middle East, while 
investing in our largest retail markets such as 
Hong Kong and the UK. Over the medium to 
long term, we intend to grow wealth revenue 
at more than 10% compound annual growth 
rate, and grow Asia wealth assets under 
management faster than the market. In 
support of these ambitions, we aim to: capture 
opportunities to serve high and ultra high net 
worth segments across Asia, especially in 
China, south-east Asia, Hong Kong and 
Singapore; deploy our manufacturing 
capabilities at scale in insurance and asset 
management; and build propositions that 
facilitate client origination from our wholesale 
businesses. 
Commercial Banking
Taking advantage of our international 
network, we aspire to lead in supporting 
cross-border trade and in serving mid-market 
corporates globally. We plan to accelerate 
international client acquisition and deepen our 
share of wallet in cross-border services. We 
aim to develop front-end ecosystems to drive 
international mid-market client acquisition at 
scale. We plan to improve SME propositions 
in key markets with digital sales and service 
journeys. We will also continue to invest in 
our front-end platforms for Global Liquidity 
and Cash Management, Global Trade and 
Receivables Finance and Foreign Exchange to 
drive more fee income and accelerate our 
asset distribution. 
Global Banking and Markets
We will continue to invest in Global Banking and 
Markets as a leading international bank in Asia 
and the Middle East, with a global network to 
support trade and capital flows. We aim to 
invest in areas such as: enhancing digital 
platforms for our Asia wealth propositions, 
including structured products and foreign 
exchange; market access and execution 
capabilities in Global Markets and Securities 
Services; and expansion of our investment 
banking coverage across Asia. The next five 
years should see Global Banking and Markets 
pivot to a less volatile and higher-returns model, 
relying less on our balance sheet, and focusing 
more on the growing capital markets 
opportunity in Asia and the Middle East.
We aim to invest more than
We aim to invest approximately
We aim to invest approximately
$3.5bn 
$2bn
$0.8bn
in Asia over five years to 20251.
across global platforms3 over five years to 20251.
in Asia over five years to 20251.
Continued execution of our transformation programme
To help create capacity for growth, we are refocusing our US business, our non-ring-fenced bank in Europe and the UK, and our Global 
Banking and Markets business.
A focused international business in the US
We will continue to invest in our substantial 
corporate and institutional franchise in the US 
over the medium to long term, including taking 
actions to further increase international 
connectivity and revenue in other geographies 
where HSBC and our US client base have a 
strong presence around the world including 
Asia, the Middle East, the UK and continental 
Europe. We continue to explore strategic 
options with respect to our US retail franchise, 
looking to focus on our high net worth, Jade 
and Premier client base and wealth 
management products, while reviewing other 
options in respect of our retail banking 
presence. 
Our non-ring-fenced bank in Europe and 
the UK
Our non-ring-fenced bank will focus on a 
wholesale footprint that serves international 
customers both outbound and inbound within 
our network. We intend to continue investing in 
our transaction banking franchise that has 
strong linkage to Asia. We are continuing with 
the strategic review of our retail banking 
operations in France and are in negotiations in 
relation to a potential sale, although no decision 
has yet been taken. If any sale is implemented, 
given the underlying performance of the French 
retail business, a loss on sale is expected. We 
simplified our operating model, with shared 
services between our two hubs in London and 
Paris. We plan to continue reducing complexity 
in our RWA and cost consumption, and we aim 
to reduce costs5 by approximately 20% by 2022. 
Our Global Banking and Markets business
Our Global Banking and Markets business will 
refocus on Asia and the Middle East. We aim 
to be the pre-eminent corporate and 
investment bank in Asia, focusing on 
opportunities such as the regionalisation of 
trade and capital flows and the rise in wealth 
creation. We will focus on serving clients into 
and within Asia and the Middle East, and 
providing global institutions with access to 
developed and emerging markets. We are 
redeploying capital and moving centres of 
excellence in Global Markets and Global 
Banking closer to clients in Asia as we  
allocate investments to the region.
Commercial Banking and Global Banking 
revenue4 ($bn)
RWA5 ($bn)
2020
1.9
Medium-term
mid-single-digit 
compound annual 
growth rate
2019
20206
2022
Shifting allocation of RWAs (%)
173
167
c.(25)%
2019
2020
2022
1  Consists of ‘growth investment’, which refers to investment in strategic business growth  
(including the build-out of front-line staff).
East: Asia-Paciﬁc and the Middle East        
West: Europe and the Americas
2 Medium term is three to four years; long term is five to six years.
3 Commercial Banking platforms will be tested in Asia and rolled out globally thereafter.
4 Including Global Liquidity and Cash Management and Global Trade and Receivables Finance revenue.
5 Excludes any inorganic actions.
6 Gross RWA saves of $24.4bn achieved in 2020, largely offset by changes in asset size and quality, and updates to models, methodology and policy.
2019
2020
2022
14
2019

--- Page 17 ---
Our strategy
Digitise at scale
We plan to grow investments1 at a compound 
annual growth rate of approximately 7% to 
10% from 2019 to 2022. We will focus our 
investments in areas such as technology to 
improve our customers’ digital experiences 
while ensuring security and resilience. These 
investments will be funded in part by using 
technology to drive down costs, including a 
reduction in manual client processes and a 
reduction in our commercial real estate 
footprint.
Investing in technology
We aim to deliver excellent customer 
experience throughout our network,  
including through the use of straight-through 
processing for payments, and through 
partnerships with big technology firms and 
fintechs for innovation support. We also 
intend to build platforms for higher front-end 
productivity, including arming our front-line 
staff with data analytics and visualisation for 
key insights. We plan to automate our middle 
and back office by, for example, integrating 
machine-learning to improve analytics 
capabilities. We also plan to build solutions to 
Energise for growth 
We are moving to a leaner and simpler 
organisation that is energised and fit for  
the future. 
Inspire a dynamic culture 
We intend to re-energise our culture to 
succeed with purpose and bring our values  
to life. We also aim to adopt future ways of 
working. To support these objectives, we 
secured inputs from approximately 120,000 
colleagues and engaged with over 2,500 
customers to help shape our renewed purpose 
and values, which have been embedded into 
our strategy. Furthermore, we are launching 
new leadership expectations that help to: give 
life to our purpose; unleash our organisation’s 
potential; and see through our actions.  
Transition to net zero 
Our ambition is to support the transition to a 
net zero global economy. 
Becoming a net zero bank
We are making changes both in our own 
operations and for our customers through  
our financing portfolio. We aim to bring our 
operations and supply chain to net zero by 
2030 or sooner. We also plan to align our 
financed emissions – the carbon emissions  
of our portfolio of customers – to the Paris 
Agreement goal to achieve net zero by 2050  
or sooner.
free up office footprint, supported by a shift to 
a more agile way of working and more 
efficiencies through reduced headcount. 
Continuing to invest in technology 
capabilities
Technology spend ($bn)
2018
2019
2020
2022
4.7
5.3
5.5
$1bn 
increase in our 2022 cost reduction target
(≤$30bn based on full year 2020 exchange rate  
vs ≤$31bn in our February 2020 commitments)
We plan to deliver
$5bn to $5.5bn
of cost programme saves from 2020 to 2022.
(vs $4.5bn in February 2020 commitments)
Investments             Business-as-usual activities
We plan to spend approximately
Driving down our cost base 
We plan to deliver $5bn to $5.5bn of  
cost programme saves from 2020 to 2022, 
supporting a decline of our cost base to 
$31bn or less by 2022 (using December 2020 
average exchange rate) or $30bn or less 
(using full year 2020 average exchange rate). 
2019
We plan to keep costs broadly stable from 
2022, while increasing the proportion  
of investment.
$7bn
in costs to achieve to help deliver our cost saves.
(vs $6bn in February 2020 commitments)
1  ‘Investment’ includes strategic business growth 
(including build-out of front-line staff), and other 
strategic, regulatory, and technology investment 
(including amortisation).
Champion inclusion
We aim to increase diverse representation, 
particularly in the senior levels of our 
organisation. In 2020, we achieved more than 
30% of female senior leadership, and we 
intend to increase to more than 35% by 2025. 
We endeavour to close the gaps in employee 
engagement in under-represented groups. We 
are also focusing on the quality and reporting 
of ethnicity data and benchmarking our 
actions. Our progress to date includes race 
commitments to at least double the number of 
Black employees in senior leadership roles 
globally by 2025 and recognition within 
Stonewall’s 2020 Top Global Employers Index 
for LGBT+ staff. 
Develop future skills
To energise our colleagues, we are setting out 
initiatives to help develop their future skills and 
capabilities. We aim to deepen the prevalence 
of digital, professional and enabling skills 
across the organisation. Our accomplishments 
to date include expanding HSBC University 
courses on future skills, digitalisation and 
sustainability. Moreover, we are deploying 
third-party platforms such as Degreed, for 
educational technology, and Gloat, for career 
development.
Supporting our customers
Our aim is to provide between $750bn and 
$1tn of sustainable finance and investment by 
2030 to support our customers in their 
transition to lower carbon emissions.
We address the progress made on our 
commitments in a number of different sections 
of this Annual Report and Accounts 2020 and 
beyond. For more information on our climate 
strategy, please refer to the below.
Unlocking new climate solutions 
We are working with a range of partners to 
increase investment in natural resources, clean 
technology and sustainable infrastructure. We 
also plan to donate $100m to a programme 
that will support climate solutions to scale over 
the next five years. 
Our ESG review can be found on page 42.
 A summary of our fourth Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’) 
can be found on page 20, and our TCFD Update 
2020 can be found at www.hsbc.com/esg.
15
