
--- Page 4 ---
A Letter from the Chairman 
3
2019: Enabling sustainable growth
In 2019, IBM delivered a second consecutive year of revenue 
growth excluding the impact of currency and divestitures.  
We ended the year on a strong note, with accelerating 
revenue growth and our strongest year-to-year increase  
in gross profit margins in over a decade. 
For the full year, the company achieved $77.1 billion  
in revenue, operating gross profit margins of 48 percent  
and operating earnings per share of $12.81. We had strong 
cash generation with net cash from operating activities of 
$14.8 billion and free cash flow of $11.9 billion. We returned 
$7.1 billion in capital to our shareholders, including 
dividends of $5.7 billion. This was the 24th consecutive year 
of raising our dividend, and the 104th consecutive year  
of providing one. 
These results are the product of bold moves to  
transform your company from top to bottom, strengthening 
our integrated value proposition and positioning us for 
sustainable growth. 
The new foundation of integrated value 
The problems we solve for clients are complex equations  
that cannot be satisfied with technology alone. They require  
a partner that can also offer deep industry expertise  
and a relationship of trust. 
IBM is the only company that combines the portfolio, 
people and sense of purpose necessary to meet today’s 
enterprise demands. Over the last decade, we have forged the 
foundations of our end-to-end, integrated value proposition 
through a series of transformative actions.
1. Capital: A bold shift to drive innovation 
Transformation requires investment. And since 2012,  
we have devoted significant capital to developing new 
capabilities. In all, we invested more than $120 billion  
to transform our strategy, our portfolio and our workforce.  
At the same time, we returned $97 billion to shareholders.
We invested nearly $30 billion in capital expenditures, 
building our cloud and cognitive offerings and bolstering  
our security and services capabilities. 
We have also invested $45 billion in research and 
development, forging the futures of cloud, AI, blockchain  
and quantum computing. IBM inventors received 9,262  
U.S. patents in 2019, the most ever awarded to a U.S. 
company. It was our 27th straight year of patent leadership. 
We have bolstered our portfolio with 65 companies, 
including Red Hat, the largest acquisition in the history  
of IBM. In Red Hat, we acquired a powerful growth engine, 
and a company synonymous with the cloud, open source  
and interoperability. Its singular architecture allows  
clients to build an application once and run it anywhere.  
And it enables the seamless integration of multiple clouds, 
from any vendor, addressing a $1.2 trillion hybrid cloud 
market opportunity.
2. Portfolio: Built for the future
The shifts in capital allocation were designed to build a 
portfolio that is stronger and more aligned with the fastest 
growing segments of the market. Since 2012, we also 
divested businesses with annual revenues of more than 
$10 billion ($2 billion in 2019 alone) that do not strengthen 
our hand in Chapter 2. We did this while keeping annualized 
revenue growth approximately flat, excluding the impact  
of divestitures and currency. Today, we have reinvented 
50 percent of our portfolio, including: 
 –
 –
 –
 –
Cloud: In 2013, cloud represented only 4 percent  
of IBM’s revenue. Today, cloud is 27 percent— 
a $21.2 billion business—and growing rapidly. In the  
past year, we’ve substantially enhanced our public  
cloud offerings, including dramatic improvements  
in ease of use, 99.999% availability and the strongest 
security posture in the industry. That’s why clients  
with the most demanding regulatory and resiliency 
requirements, like BNP Paribas, are moving their most 
critical workloads to the IBM Cloud. 
Data and AI: Our investments in data and AI have 
cemented our position of enterprise market leadership. 
For the third straight year, IDC has named IBM the  
global leader in AI. We secured more than 1,800  
AI patents in 2019 alone. Our Data Science Elite team  
is accelerating client journeys to AI. And there are  
more than 30,000 Watson client engagements across  
20 different industries, helping clients like Yara build  
a digital farming platform, Woodside Energy optimize  
its operations and Vodafone Idea transform its core  
IT infrastructure. 
Security: IBM helps secure 95 percent of the Fortune 
Global 500 and manages more than 70 billion events 
every day. In 2019, we introduced Cloud Pak for Security, 
a powerful new security solution designed to solve  
a critical pain point in the industry: connecting and 
orchestrating disparate security tools. 
Blockchain: IBM is the global leader in enterprise 
blockchain solutions, with hundreds of client 
engagements infusing new levels of trust and 
transparency into the global supply chain. We have  
more than 2,000 blockchain experts. And we are 
working with more than 20 large consortium networks 
that are reshaping entire industries, like IBM Food Trust  
for reliable food supply and TradeLens for shipping. 

--- Page 5 ---
4 
Moments  
from IBM’s 
transformation
As our company has led 
clients on their digital 
journeys, IBM has also 
transformed itself— 
through acquisitions, 
breakthrough technologies 
and social innovations.
IBM Cloud
IBM Cloud has grown to be a more 
than $21 billion business offering 
enterprises public, private and 
hybrid cloud solutions. In 2019, 
IBM introduced the world’s first 
financial services-ready public 
cloud, secure and purpose-built  
for the industry.
IBM Q
A fundamentally different way  
of computing, quantum has the 
potential to transform business and 
solve some of the world’s biggest 
problems. IBM has led in quantum 
research and development and 
now offers a fleet of 15 advanced 
quantum computers.
Red Hat
One of the largest technology 
acquisitions in history combined 
the power and flexibility of 
Red Hat’s open hybrid cloud 
technologies with the scale  
and depth of IBM’s innovation  
and industry expertise.
IBM Watson
IBM Watson helped AI emerge 
from a long “winter” and is now 
deployed in customer service, 
healthcare, supply chain, weather 
forecasts, energy exploration  
and other fields—totaling more 
than 30,000 client engagements.
IBM Security
IBM Security was built for industry-
leading compliance, threat 
monitoring and container security. 
In 2019, Cloud Pak for Security 
was introduced to orchestrate tools 
across the entire security stack.
IBM Garage
A comprehensive approach  
to innovation and transformation, 
the IBM Garage process brings 
designers and developers together 
with clients and stakeholders. The 
process helps create and scale new 
ideas and achieve business value.
Strategic Divestitures
Over eight years, IBM has sold 
businesses with more than 
$10 billion in revenue, including 
semiconductor manufacturing  
and x86 servers, in order to 
allocate capital to innovation.
1. Purpose
2. Ownership
3. Transparency
P-TECH
Pathways in Technology Early 
College High Schools (P-TECH)  
is a new education model 
co-developed by IBM working 
together with educators, 
policymakers and elected officials.
IBM Blockchain
IBM Food Trust, TradeLens and 
other initiatives are streamlining 
supply chain processes and 
bringing trust and transparency 
to transactions.
Principles for Trust & Transparency
For more than a century, IBM  
has earned the trust of clients  
and society. In 2018, we codified 
the core principles that guide 
everything we do, from handling 
client data to the responsible 
deployment of new technologies. 
Business Roundtable
In 2019, IBM signed the  
Business Roundtable Statement  
on the Purpose of a Corporation. 
The Business Roundtable is  
a group that brings together the 
CEOs of nearly 200 American 
companies.

--- Page 6 ---
A Letter from the Chairman 
5
 –
 –
 –
IBM Services: From digital strategy to infrastructure 
services, IBM Services exemplifies the end-to-end 
capability of our company. Over the last 10 years,  
we have built the world’s largest digital agency, with 
57 studios and 17,000 IBM iX digital consultants.  
And we have scaled our global delivery network, with 
services professionals that have breadth of experience 
and industry expertise in areas like financial services, 
telecommunications and supply chain, around the world. 
IBM Systems: The recently launched IBM z15 is  
our most secure and capable mainframe ever, with 
encryption that can be applied across hybrid cloud 
environments, cloud-native development capabilities 
and an industry-first approach to instant recovery.
Quantum: In 2019, IBM introduced a 53-qubit quantum 
computer, the largest universal quantum computing 
system available for commercial use. More than 
100 global clients and 200,000 registered users have  
run over 160 billion experiments on the IBM Quantum 
Computation Center’s fleet of 15 quantum systems  
through the cloud, including Daimler AG, JPMorgan 
Chase and Anthem. 
3. IBMers: Talent, skills and culture 
AI and other advanced technologies are changing the very 
nature of work. To keep up with the rate and pace of these 
changes, IBM has revitalized the skills of our workforce.  
In the last five years, the percentage of IBMers with skills  
of the future increased to 90 percent. 
At the heart of our workforce transformation is the 
constant acquisition of relevant skills. To support this work, 
we built a platform that allows IBMers to plainly see the skills 
they have, and the skills they need. And we developed an 
AI-based, personalized learning system to help them acquire 
those skills. More than 26 million learning hours were logged 
in 2019 alone. 
As important, IBM is committed to fostering a culture  
in which all IBMers feel they can bring their best selves to 
work. Diversity and inclusion are essential to our business.  
They fuel innovation and drive employee satisfaction.  
And in 2019, we achieved record diversity across all 
representation groups and best-in-class inclusion scores.  
We were again widely recognized as one of the best places  
to work for mothers, veterans, LGBTQ employees and more. 
IBM understands that diversity is a fact, but inclusion  
is a choice. We have made our choice. And that is just one 
reason why our employee engagement score is at an all-time 
high, improving 17 points since 2014.
4. Speed: Changing the way we work
Today, enterprise client expectations are dictated by their 
consumer technology experiences. In order to match the 
speed of development found in consumer markets, we 
needed to fundamentally change the way IBM worked. 
This process began with the creation of IBM Design 
Thinking, an enterprise-grade variant of the well-known 
human-centered design process. We then adopted agile 
development practices, to create the working conditions  
for small, diverse teams to solve problems and introduce  
new solutions quickly.
IBM has hired more than 20,000 designers. We have 
more than 100,000 employees working in agile methodology. 
And we have converted more than 10 million square feet  
of offices into agile workspaces. 
This led to a significant change in the way our clients 
experience IBM today: the IBM Garage. These are dedicated, 
physical spaces in which clients work side by side with 
IBMers to co-create solutions, applying IBM Design Thinking 
and agile methods. They can happen anywhere in the world, 
in dedicated IBM spaces or client offices. 
In 2019, we conducted approximately 600 engagements 
in which we helped clients adopt these same practices.  
The end result has been record Net Promoter Scores from 
clients across all IBM businesses. 
5. Good tech: A model of responsible stewardship  
for the digital age
Of all the work we have done to transform IBM, I am most 
proud of the way in which we are defining responsible 
stewardship in the digital age. 
At IBM, we have always taken the long view. That means 
grounding strategy and business decisions in core values  
that endure through decades of political, technological  
and societal change. They are: 
 –
 –
 –
Dedication to every client’s success.
Innovation that matters, for our company  
and for the world.
Trust and personal responsibility in all relationships.
Leading with values is not wide-eyed altruism. It is clear-
eyed business strategy. Values attract the best employees. 
They sustain our client relationships. And they have guided 
our efforts to lead the industry in modeling what “good tech” 
looks like. 

--- Page 7 ---
6 
For example, our Principles for Trust and Transparency 
have become the global ethical standard of digital 
responsibility, inspiring similar doctrine in businesses  
and governments around the world:
 –
 –
 –
The purpose of new technology is to augment  
mankind, not replace it.
Data and the insights it yields belong only  
to the owner of that data.
AI should be open, transparent and explainable.
At IBM, we consider the full impact of our technology on 
society. And we readily accept our leadership role in making 
the digital era an inclusive era. 
As such, we have pioneered programs that ensure  
the many—not just a few—benefit from the digital economy. 
To that end, we substantially expanded our 21st-century 
apprenticeship program and P-TECH six-year high school 
education model in 2019. Enrollment in the apprentice 
program grew twice as fast as expected. And P-TECH doubled 
the number of participating schools to 220, in 24 countries, 
with a pipeline of 150,000 students.
Our Call for Code and Code and Response programs 
continue to scale, tapping the talents of developers to address 
some of society’s most intractable challenges. In 2019, 
180,000 developers from 165 countries created more than 
5,000 applications focused on disaster relief. 
In 2019, IBM published its 29th annual IBM and the 
Environment Report, and advanced our environmental 
leadership as a founding member of the Climate Leadership 
Council, where we have supported a carbon tax that will 
reduce carbon emissions globally through market-based 
incentives. At the same time, we remain on track to achieve a 
40 percent reduction of carbon dioxide emissions associated 
with our own energy consumption by 2025. In addition, IBM 
developed a breakthrough method of recycling polyethylene 
terephthalate (PET), a widely used plastic with a high carbon 
footprint that is difficult to recycle. IBM’s new method will 
make it possible for more types of PET plastic to become 
100 percent recyclable, helping to reduce the 8 million tons 
of plastics that enter our oceans each year.
New leadership for a new era
I am enormously proud of the work we have done to transform 
IBM for this moment. And with the foundation for growth now 
in place, it is the right time for a new leader to continue this 
critically important journey for IBM and our clients. 
As such, I have elected to retire at the end of 2020 after 
nearly 40 years with the company. Effective April 6, 2020, 
Arvind Krishna, our Senior Vice President for Cloud and 
Cognitive, will become the next Chief Executive Officer of IBM 
and a member of the Board. Jim Whitehurst, CEO of Red Hat, 
will become President of IBM. 
Arvind is a brilliant business leader and technologist 
who has played a significant role in developing our key 
technologies including artificial intelligence, cloud, quantum 
computing and blockchain. And Jim is a seasoned leader who 
built Red Hat into the world’s leading provider of open source 
enterprise IT software solutions and services. Together,  
this dream team of technological acumen and business  
savvy will build on IBM’s new foundations. 
As we make this transition, I want you to know that my 
belief in IBM and IBMers has never been stronger. It has been 
the privilege of my life to lead this great company during this 
time of significant transformation. And, most importantly,  
I would like to thank our employees for their tireless 
dedication, our clients for their trust and partnership,  
and our investors for their continued belief in our company 
and its strategy. 
At IBM, we believe in the fundamental promise of 
technology: that when we apply science to real-world 
problems, we can create a tomorrow that is better than today; 
a tomorrow that is more sustainable, more profitable and 
more equitable. 
And I believe that IBM is essential to fulfilling 
that promise.
Virginia M. Rometty  
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
In an effort to provide additional and useful information regarding the company’s 
financial results and other financial information, as determined by generally accepted 
accounting principles (GAAP), these materials contain non-GAAP financial measures 
on a continuing operations basis, including operating earnings per share, operating 
gross profit margin, free cash flow, and revenue adjusted for divested businesses and 
constant currency. The rationale for management’s use of this non-GAAP information 
is included on pages 26, 27 and 58 of the company’s 2019 Annual Report, which is 
Exhibit 13 to the Form 10-K submitted with the SEC on February 25, 2020. For 
reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and other information, 
please refer to pages 39, 46, 59 and 139 of the company’s 2019 Annual Report.

--- Page 8 ---
What does it  
take to lead  
IBM’s clients  
in their next 
chapter of digital 
transformation?
7
+  Innovative Technology  
We help build agile organizations, 
fueled by data, guided by AI insight 
and built for change in any cloud 
environment. Add blockchain  
and the coming era of quantum 
computing, and we’ll continue 
leading our clients’ journeys  
to the Cognitive Enterprise. 
+  Industry Expertise 
The problems we solve and  
the opportunities we discover  
for clients cannot be achieved 
through technology alone. 
Providing counsel and insights, 
based on deep industry knowledge 
and experience, IBM is the  
only company with the portfolio 
and the people to meet today’s 
enterprise demands.
+  Trust and Security  
We build trust, privacy and security 
into even our most cutting-edge 
technologies. Just as crucial is the 
trust we build into our business 
relationships. Continually 
considering the full impact  
of our technology on society,  
we are committed to responsible 
stewardship for the digital age.
 

--- Page 9 ---
8 8 
Innovative 
Technology
Hybrid cloud is a potential $1.2 trillion 
market, with IBM already in the lead.  
As businesses construct and connect 
multiple clouds, IBM offers customers 
the ability to build applications once 
and run them anywhere. Whether  
for public cloud, private cloud or 
on-premises systems, IBM’s hybrid 
approach enables clients to unleash  
any cloud’s full potential.
  Our acquisition of Red Hat has been 
a game changer. Red Hat OpenShift is 
the platform of choice for hybrid cloud.
 $21.2  
 billion  
cloud revenue  
in 2019
 2,000+  
clients using Red Hat 
and IBM’s hybrid 
cloud platform

--- Page 10 ---
Innovative Technology  
9
Banks are  
accelerating their 
transformations
Banks were pioneers in building consumer-facing apps,  
but deeper digital reinvention in the finance industry  
has been slower, limited by concerns that include data 
security and privacy. Today, many institutions are working 
with IBM to reinvent their infrastructure—and create new 
technology models for finance, such as the world’s first 
financial services-ready cloud. 
When the global bank BNP Paribas began accelerating  
its digitization strategy, its goal was to deliver superior 
services to its customers and corporate clients while 
ensuring the security and confidentiality of their data.  
The bank discovered that it could not digitize quickly enough  
with its existing private cloud. It turned to IBM to co-create  
a public cloud that would be robust, reliable and secure 
enough to support its banking applications and its extensive 
compliance and security requirements. The BNP Paribas 
dedicated public cloud will combine the security of a private 
cloud with the speed, scalability and cost savings of a public 
cloud. The bank will also benefit from IBM Watson AI and 
other services—enabling it to tap into new technologies, 
innovate more quickly and, ultimately, deliver a better 
customer experience.
Consumers expect convenience and security from their 
banks. The challenge: how to increase convenience without 
giving up on security. State Bank of India, the country’s 
largest bank, partnered with IBM Services to create a  
secure mobile platform, YONO (You Only Need One), that  
is transforming how more than 18 million people in India 
bank, invest, shop, order food and more.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
Airlines are building  
new travel experiences
Airlines must deliver superior passenger experiences with 
every flight. To do that, they are rethinking and reinventing 
their technology core—and how their employees work.
Carriers are shifting mission-critical workloads to 
IBM Cloud and hybrid cloud environments, taking advantage 
of the open, scalable architecture and microservices to 
improve their processes, accommodate growth and offer new 
digital services such as automatic rebooking. And airlines 
are using AI to offer personalized pricing and other 
new services.
The IBM Travel Platform offers a range of customized 
mobile applications that empower airline employees, allowing 
them to offer higher levels of service, manage boarding more 
efficiently, deploy maintenance resources, and more. Aloft, 
The Weather Company’s Total Turbulence can predict 
turbulence ahead of time, so plane routes can be optimized.
Across the industry, these shifts are allowing carriers  
to find new ways to improve the journey.

--- Page 12 ---
Innovative Technology  
11
Telcos are innovating 
more nimbly 
Success in any market requires rapid, agile innovation.  
In Europe, Vodafone Business partnered with IBM to combine  
Vodafone’s leadership in Edge, 5G and IoT with IBM’s public 
and hybrid cloud, industry expertise and professional 
services. The partnership is enabling companies like 
National Express to deliver digital solutions faster, utilizing  
a multicloud approach and capitalizing on AI, blockchain  
and other advanced technologies.
In India, Vodafone Idea, a Vodafone Group joint venture, 
signed an IT outsourcing partnership with IBM to deliver 
enhanced customer experience to millions of connected 
customers and yield synergies by consolidating two large 
pre-merger IT environments. The partnership uses IBM’s 
hybrid cloud, analytics and security capabilities to accelerate 
Vodafone Idea’s progression to an open, agile and secure  
IT environment.
IBM, with Red Hat, is also helping Vodafone Idea build  
an open universal hybrid cloud, able to serve all aspects  
of core network and IT from a common cloud. This will enable  
continued improvements in customer service, a step change 
reduction in cost, and the rapid deployment of Edge-based 
offerings to enterprise clients.

--- Page 13 ---
12 12 
Artificial intelligence is transforming 
how businesses operate, how people  
do their jobs and how customers 
engage. Across industries, IBM clients 
are rapidly moving from pilots to 
enterprise-wide AI adoption. With 
IBM Watson, the pieces are now in place  
to scale AI with trust and transparency. 
  And with IBM’s allegiance to open 
source technology, these AI solutions 
perform with seamless interoperability, 
whatever the software platform  
or cloud environment. 
Infrastructure can 
maintain its own safety
The world’s civil infrastructure is aging. Catastrophic  
failures of bridges and roads are a growing threat. A recent 
study determined that in the U.S. alone, 47,052 bridges  
were structurally deficient. 
Sund & Bælt, which owns and operates some of the 
largest infrastructure in the world—including the Great Belt 
Bridge in Denmark—has partnered with IBM to create 
Maximo for Civil Infrastructure, a solution that uses machine 
intelligence to monitor the effects of stress, use and age  
on bridges and tunnels—and to announce when intervention  
is required.
It will measure the impacts of cracks, rust, corrosion  
and other potential stressors by integrating and analyzing 
data from The Weather Company, maintenance records  
and sensors that are placed on structures, worn by workers 
and flown by drones. Using predictive and prescriptive 
maintenance strategies, the system can flag the most serious 
issues. As a result, maintenance crews will be able to work 
with maximum efficiency and effectiveness.
 #1  
market leader  
in enterprise AI
 30,000+  
IBM Watson client 
engagements
 1,800+  
AI patents in 2019
