
--- Page 3 ---
2
This focus on breakthrough innovation has created  
New IBM investments are further energizing our portfolio. 
IBM’s strongest portfolio ever and has driven results:
In late 2018, we announced plans to acquire Red Hat, the world’s 
leading open source technology provider for the enterprise.  
 – Total cloud revenues were more than $19 billion in 2018, up 
With this acquisition, which is expected to close in the second  
12 percent. In the fourth quarter alone, IBM signed 16 client 
half of 2019, IBM will enhance our position as the world’s number  
services agreements worth more than $100 million to help 
one hybrid cloud provider, helping clients unlock the full business 
optimize business performance on the IBM Cloud. Today,  
value of the cloud.
47 of the Fortune 50 depend on the IBM Cloud.
We also continued to divest stand-alone software and 
 – IBM is the world’s enterprise AI leader. Solutions enabled  
At the same time, we remained committed to returning 
by IBM Watson are helping produce better decision-making  
capital to our shareholders. In 2018, we returned more than  
and business outcomes through more than 20,000 client 
$10 billion to you, our shareholders, including dividends  
engagements, across 20 industries to date. IDC ranked  
of $5.7 billion and gross share repurchases of $4.4 billion. 
IBM number one in AI market share. We continue to pioneer 
innovations in natural language processing, speech processing, 
We raised our dividend for the 23rd consecutive year—IBM’s  
103rd straight year of providing one.
services assets that are no longer strategic for IBM. 
computer vision and machine learning. 
 – IBM Blockchain is the global leader in improving trust and 
Moving Clients to the Next Chapter of Digital Reinvention
For the past several years, businesses around the world have been 
transparency across business networks by creating a new  
driving their digital reinventions to take advantage of data, their 
way for clients to share and secure data. IBM Blockchain  
most powerful source of competitive advantage.
now powers more than 500 client projects, with more than  
This first chapter has been defined largely by experimenting 
85 active networks transforming supply chains, global  
with narrow and disparate AI applications and moving simple 
shipping and cross-border finance. 
workloads—typically consumer and customer-facing applications—
to the cloud. 
 – IBM Security, the world’s largest cybersecurity enterprise,  
Now, we are beginning to see the contours of Chapter 2 
has 8,000 subject matter experts serving more than 17,000 
among pioneering businesses: moving from experimentation to 
clients in more than 130 countries. The industry’s leading  
true business transformation at scale with AI and hybrid cloud. 
AI and cloud-based security solutions include IBM Security 
This next chapter of digital reinvention will be enterprise-
Connect, launched in 2018, which allows clients to gather, 
driven. It will be characterized first by scaling AI and embedding  
integrate and analyze security data across multiple applications 
it everywhere in business. Second, in cloud, it will be characterized 
and tools, in a vendor-agnostic way. 
by moving mission-critical applications to hybrid cloud— 
 – IBM Systems produces innovative infrastructure for AI  
and on-premise IT capabilities, so businesses can create  
and hybrid cloud. The z14 is one of IBM’s most successful  
the environment most suitable for their enterprise workloads. 
mainframe programs in history, with broad global adoption 
Underpinning it all is the growing importance of trust, both  
using a combination of multiple public clouds, private clouds,  
across 27 different industry segments. In addition, the  
U.S. Department of Energy’s POWER9-based supercomputers, 
Summit and Sierra, were ranked the most powerful 
supercomputers in the world in 2018.
in technologies and in their impact on the world.
Scaling AI throughout the Enterprise
In Chapter 2 of their digital reinventions, businesses will begin  
to scale AI across the enterprise, as some first movers are already  
 – IBM Services was a key driver of IBM’s performance in 2018. 
demonstrating.
Forty-seven engagements worth more than $100 million  
Take the world’s leading banks, for example. While many  
each helped major clients—like Bank of the Philippine Islands, 
have been applying AI to specific challenges, some first movers  
Juniper Networks, Nordea, Westpac and Aditya Birla Retail—
are scaling AI across the enterprise. Orange Bank, one of the 
move to the next stage of their digital transformations. 
fastest growing mobile banks in France, now manages all customer 

--- Page 4 ---
service through IBM Watson. Similarly, Banco Bradesco  
is now using IBM Watson to assist every member of its services 
team—resolving customer inquiries in seconds with nearly 
95 percent accuracy. 
IBM brought AI for business into the mainstream  
with the introduction of our Watson platform in 2014. Today, 
IBM Watson is the most open and trusted AI for business,  
available to run on any environment—on premise, and in private 
and public clouds. Businesses can apply Watson to data wherever 
it is hosted and infuse AI into their applications, regardless of 
where they reside.
With Watson Studio, Watson Machine Learning and Watson 
OpenScale, IBM delivers a suite of tools that allow enterprises  
to build, deploy and manage their AI models in a hybrid cloud 
environment. IBM Watson OpenScale, a first-of-a-kind platform 
introduced in 2018, also enables businesses to manage their AI— 
no matter where it was built or where it runs—with transparency, 
explainability and bias mitigation. Addressing these factors, which 
traditionally have held businesses back, is critical for scaling  
AI throughout an enterprise.
Through IBM Services, we are helping our clients around  
the world apply AI to core business processes and workflows, 
infusing their businesses with automation, intelligence and 
continuous learning to transform everything from supply chains 
and HR to finance and operations.
In 2018, we also launched a new service called IBM Talent 
and Transformation that addresses the often overlooked cultural 
aspects of AI. This service helps our clients ensure their teams 
have the right skills and talent—and the supporting culture and 
Virginia M. Rometty  
Chairman, President and  
work environment—to support a new way of working that is critical 
Chief Executive Officer
to scaling AI for business.
Moving Mission-Critical Work to Hybrid Cloud
In the first chapter of digital reinvention, cloud deployments 
largely focused on easily portable workloads for productivity and 
commodity computing. This primarily was driven by user-facing 
applications inspired by advances in consumer technology.  
As a result, only 20 percent of enterprise workloads today have 
moved to the cloud.
The remaining 80 percent of enterprise workloads provides 
the real value opportunity for business—transforming mission-
critical workloads and applications for the cloud. The challenge is 
that most businesses have unique regulatory or data requirements 
and anywhere from five to 15 clouds across multiple providers. 

--- Page 5 ---
That is why businesses moving to Chapter 2 will need to embrace 
a new, hybrid cloud approach. It is one that will allow them to more 
easily move data and scale AI and other applications across public, 
private and on-premise IT in their enterprises, with consistent 
management and security protocols, using open source technology. 
For example, BNP Paribas, a leading European bank, 
is working with IBM to speed and scale the launch of new digital 
and AI customer services across the cloud, while protecting 
the security and confi dentiality of customer data. Similarly, global 
telecom leader Vodafone Business is partnering with IBM to 
innovate the way it delivers 
multicloud and digital 
capabilities—including AI, 
edge computing, 5G and 
software-defi ned networking 
solutions—to its customers.
IBM Services provides 
end-to-end cloud integration 
capabilities and is helping 
thousands of businesses 
migrate, integrate and 
manage applications and 
workloads seamlessly and 
“We are ready for this 
moment of moving 
clients to Chapter 2 
of their digital 
reinventions with our 
unique integration of 
innovative technology, 
industry expertise 
and a reputation for 
trust and security 
earned over decades.”
securely across any cloud environment. Industry experts from 
IBM Services are co-creating cloud-enabled solutions with clients 
in our IBM Garages. Using design thinking and agile methods, 
we are helping clients implement new ways of working, such as 
rapid prototyping and iteration to more quickly move technology 
projects from pilot to production at scale. 
We are ready for this moment of moving clients to Chapter 2 
of their digital reinventions with our unique integration of innovative 
technology, industry expertise and a reputation for trust and 
security earned over decades. IBM is now moving the world’s 
major enterprises to the next era, an effort that will be enhanced 
by our planned acquisition of Red Hat.
Chapter 2 of Trust and Responsible Stewardship
We recognize that our clients and the consumers they serve 
expect more than groundbreaking innovation and industry 
expertise. They want to work with technology partners they 
can trust to protect their data and handle it responsibly. 
They want to work with partners who know how to bring new 
technologies into the world safely and help society benefi t from 
them. And they want their partners to create inclusive workplaces 
and communities where diversity thrives.
IBM Leadership
#1 AI for business 
20,000+ IBM Watson client 
engagements across 20 industries.
#1 in hybrid cloud 
47 of the Fortune 50 rely on 
IBM Cloud. Revenue for IBM Cloud 
topped $19 billion in 2018.
#1 in enterprise services 
IBM Services, with end-to-end 
cloud and AI capabilities, closed 
47 client agreements worth more 
than $100 million each in 2018.
#1 in enterprise security
IBM Security manages 70 billion 
cybersecurity events per day for 
clients in more than 130 countries.
#1 in enterprise systems 
IBM Z is at the heart of world 
commerce with 30 billion transactions 
per day, including 87 percent of all 
credit card transactions.
#1 in blockchain 
IBM Blockchain Platform was 
ranked number one by analyst ﬁ rms 
Juniper Research and Everest Group.
#1 in U.S. patents for the 
26th consecutive year
IBM inventors received a record 9,100 
patents, including more than 3,000 
in AI, cloud and quantum computing.
#1 and #2 fastest 
supercomputers in the world 
Built by IBM for the U.S. Department 
of Energy, based on IBM POWER9 CPUs 
tuned for AI workloads.

--- Page 6 ---
5
These expectations are linked by a common theme: 
As IBM sees it, the promise of technology is to empower 
responsibility. Responsibility has been a hallmark of IBM’s culture 
people to do good, access new opportunities and make the world 
for 107 years—from our labs to our boardroom. IBMers’ unwavering 
better, safer and smarter—for the many, not just the few.
global commitment to the responsible stewardship of data and 
powerful new technologies has earned us the trust of clients  
and society as a whole. 
IBM Poised to Lead
In summary, we have returned your company to growth. We have 
In 2018, as trust in technology came under heightened  
positioned IBM’s products, services and people to enable clients  
global scrutiny, we published our IBM Principles for Trust and 
to write the next chapter of their digital reinventions. And we have 
Transparency, which have long guided our company. They stress 
done it all while reaffirming IBM’s longstanding reputation for  
our belief that the purpose of new technologies is to augment— 
trust, integrity and responsibility. 
not replace—human intelligence, and that the data and insights  
Our work ahead is to build on this progress and bring these 
derived from technology belong to the businesses who own  
capabilities to life for our clients. I want to thank all of our clients 
them. The principles also emphasize that new technologies 
for partnering with us while we reinvented IBM, and for choosing 
brought into the world must be open, transparent, explainable  
and free of bias. 
us for their own journeys of transformation. 
I also would like to thank our investors for their confidence  
We know that AI, like other transformative technologies 
in IBM. Finally, I would like to thank the hundreds of thousands  
before it, will have a profound impact on peoples’ jobs and the 
of IBMers whose expertise has prepared us to lead in this new 
workplace. That is why, in 2018, IBM further expanded access to 
chapter of digital reinvention. 
the pathways through which students and professionals can build 
I am honored to steward this great company, and I am filled 
skills for today’s technology era. That includes “new collar” jobs, 
with optimism about what we can achieve in partnership with our 
where having the right skills matters more than having a specific 
clients and society. Together, we are changing work and business—
degree. Through our work in 11 U.S. states and 13 countries, there 
and ultimately, the world.
Virginia M. Rometty  
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
will be 200 Pathways in Technology Early College High Schools— 
or P-TECHs—serving a pipeline of 125,000 students in the 2019 
school year. 
2018 also saw the rapid growth of our IBM Apprenticeship 
Program, which trains people in 21st-century skills ranging  
from blockchain and digital design to cybersecurity—and which 
expanded nearly twice as fast as we had projected in its first year. 
Yet skills are only part of today’s workforce opportunity. 
In 2018, fueled by record diverse hiring, promotion and retention, 
we achieved our greatest progress in a decade on diversity 
representation among global executive women and 
underrepresented minorities. We also continued advocating  
with governments around the world for policies that help  
ensure workplaces are as inclusive and diverse as the world  
we live in.
Recognizing that responsible stewardship should not  
be confined within IBM’s walls, we also are working aggressively  
to empower others to do lasting good. We are, for example,  
a founding partner in Call for Code, a global initiative that  
works with software developers to create solutions that can  
help save lives. Last year, 100,000 open source developers from 
156 countries responded to the call, creating more than 2,500 
applications to help communities recover from natural disasters.
In an effort to provide additional and useful information regarding the company’s 
financial results and other financial information, as determined by generally 
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), these materials contain non-GAAP financial 
measures on a continuing operations basis, including operating earnings per share 
and operating pre-tax income. The rationale for management’s use of this non-GAAP 
information is included on pages 18 and 19 of the company’s 2018 Annual Report, 
which is Exhibit 13 to the Form 10-K submitted with the SEC on February 26, 2019. 
For reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and other 
information, please refer to page 41 of the company’s 2018 Annual Report.

--- Page 7 ---
Leading 
businesses 
are reinventing 
themselves with 
IBM Services 
and Solutions 
across AI, cloud, 
blockchain, 
quantum 
and more.

--- Page 8 ---
7
IBM Services
United Airlines:  
Reinvention  
takes flight
To ignite a major business transformation, United Airlines 
turned to IBM iX—the business design arm of IBM Services—and  
a set of business applications from a global partnership between 
IBM and Apple called IBM MobileFirst for iOS. These applications 
combine the power of enterprise data and analytics with an 
elegant user experience, allowing United to broadly rethink how  
its crews work and how its work flows.
United and IBM used the IBM Garage method to design 
apps for the airline’s growing deployment of iOS devices.  
The IBM Garage method, used by IBM Services with clients around 
the world, emphasizes co-creation and frequent iteration. It has 
allowed United to build complete, integrated mobile platforms that 
start with a user’s experience and extend to all the airline’s core 
business processes. United is now able to foster better and faster 
collaboration across diverse teams and time zones, enabling  
Flight attendant Deb Winchell knows 
better than most how stressful  
a delay can be—for customers and 
staff alike.
More than 60% 
savings in app development 
costs, compared to a 
traditional approach
it to focus on its core mission of transporting customers to their 
even report an issue while a plane is still in the air, so the ground 
destinations on time. The apps are also giving flight attendants  
crew can get to work as soon as the plane lands. Customers on  
like Deb Winchell new ways to help customers enjoy their flights, 
the next flight are far less likely to be affected because the app 
which makes everyday travel just a little less stressful for  
streamlines communication. “It’s been a game changer for us,” 
everyone involved.
Deb says. “It lets us care for our customers right in the moment—
Frontline crews know that many factors can contribute  
to delays. “Most challenges stem from things I can’t control,”  
Deb says. “But when I can make a difference in a customer’s travel 
experience, it can be huge.” That’s why it’s important to resolve 
issues before they affect customers. Deb can now be more 
and nothing’s better than that.” 
The agile IBM Garage method helps organizations think 
beyond their existing systems and focus on what customers 
actually need. When combined with IBM Cloud and IBM Watson, 
it’s nothing less than a way for organizations to reinvent 
proactive with apps co-designed by United and IBM iX. Deb can 
themselves—an approach that’s being adopted by enterprises 
With new mobile tools, United staff can 
quickly report and resolve issues that 
previously required multiple steps.
around the world as they move to the next stage of digital 
reinvention. For example, it has helped create a startup culture in 
Banco Bradesco, one of Brazil’s largest banks. Bradesco can now 
quickly respond to the rising demand from its 75 million mobile 
banking customers. It has also showed East Carolina University 
new value in discarded data that enabled the school to predict 
possible outcomes, report strengths, weaknesses and deficits, and 
enable advisors to better assist students and improve educational 
programs. Digital reinvention isn’t just a product or a platform.  
And it’s certainly more than just a buzzword. It’s a promise:  
a new way to innovate and rethink a company from the ground  
up and help customers and businesses alike. 

--- Page 9 ---
8
IBM Blockchain
Walmart:  
Linked by  
safer food
It starts with a single report of severe food-borne illness.  
Then more reports pour in from around the country and from  
them, a culprit emerges: a common type of lettuce. But where, 
specifically, did the tainted lettuce come from? The work of 
With the IBM Food Trust, Walmart’s 
food safety professionals can  
trace produce back to its source  
in just seconds.
Walmart and IBM, powered by IBM Blockchain, is giving us  
tracing time was reduced from seven days to just 2.2 seconds.  
a better way to answer this question.
“With blockchain, all the trace media’s already there,” explains 
Until recently, tracing food hasn’t been easy or fast.  
Tejas Bhatt, senior director, Food Safety, for Walmart.
And the risk that represents is significant. The World Health 
Organization has estimated that there are 600 million cases  
of foodborne illness each year, leading to 420,000 deaths.  
And it can be daunting to trace how food goes through the supply 
Blockchain technology is also changing the way companies 
like Walmart collaborate with their supply chains—even with 
potential competitors. The IBM Food Trust ecosystem connects 
supply chains like Walmart’s and also those of other major retailers 
chain. For example, four days of a farm’s production of red-  
and global companies such as Carrefour, Dole, Golden State Foods, 
and green-leaf lettuce and cauliflower can generate more than  
Driscoll’s and Nestlé—all without sharing any information they 
200 separate tracking numbers that are printed onto cartons  
don’t want to share. Beyond safety, consumers increasingly value 
and pallets for shipping to buyers. Finding individual boxes of 
the kind of information that a system built on IBM Blockchain can 
particular at-risk produce in this environment means searching 
provide. With blockchain, growers, distributors and retailers can 
through a haystack of paper records. IBM Food Trust—using 
provide consumers digitized certifications of existing organic or fair 
blockchain technology—connects growers, processors, distributors 
trade products along with detailed documentation from different 
and retailers through a permissioned, permanent and shared 
points in the process, from farm to table. Ed Treacy, vice president, 
record of food-system data that drastically cuts the time  
Supply Chain and Sustainability at the Produce Marketing 
needed to trace produce from farm to store. In a pilot program, 
Association, says blockchain “can speed up investigations into 
From 
7 days
Down to 
2.2 seconds
IBM Blockchain adds new transparancy 
to the global food supply chain.
contaminated food, authenticating the origin of food and providing 
insights about the conditions and pathway through which the  
food traveled.” 
As more companies adopt a digital, end-to-end traceability 
protocol, the IBM Food Trust’s goal is to make the world’s food 
supply safer—something that is sorely needed. In 2018, the U.S. 
Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture 
issued more than 300 food recalls. In addition to the societal and 
business impact, these recalls waste huge stocks of food and 
erode consumer trust. And if outbreaks multiply and answers are 
slow in coming, customers can become desensitized and begin to 
ignore overly broad warnings such as “throw away all lettuce in 
your refrigerator.” Work by companies like Walmart and other 
participants in the IBM Food Trust are laying the foundation for 
better management of our global food supply: rapid insight into 
what’s happened when something goes wrong, reducing waste, 
and a safer journey from the farm to our local markets and, 
ultimately, to our dinner table.

--- Page 10 ---
9
Experts from  
Crédit Mutuel and  
IBM Services are  
working together in  
a “Cognitive Factory.”
But that’s just the start. Crédit Mutuel is making important 
decisions—about data, compliance and regulation, cybersecurity, 
and managing applications across the enterprise. To achieve 
digital banking at scale, IBM and Crédit Mutuel are crafting a hybrid 
cloud strategy that encompasses multiple clouds and on-premise 
systems, including the mainframe. At the same time, experts  
from Crédit Mutuel and IBM Services are working together  
in a “Cognitive Factory” that provides a fertile environment for 
identifying, building and deploying new AI solutions. With many 
internal IT teams involved, IBM and Crédit Mutuel are also creating 
industrial tools and training assets to efficiently expand cognitive 
solutions to 100% of the business lines of the company.
Crédit Mutuel’s reinvention represents a synthesis of human 
and machine that gives banking new power. Employees can find 
the optimal blend of talent and data, use their talents to the fullest, 
Watson eliminates distractions  
that come between branch  
director François-Xavier Maille  
and his clients.
IBM Cloud · IBM Watson
Crédit Mutuel: 
A bank thinks 
bigger
When Crédit Mutuel embarked on its “together#newworld” 
initiative—a five-year project to become a leading digital bank— 
it brought in IBM to help it reinvent itself.
delve more deeply into clients’ financial challenges and develop 
smarter, more creative solutions. Extrapolate IBM’s immediate 
impact on Crédit Mutuel to the entire world of financial services, 
Crédit Mutuel’s goal: to engage with customers more 
deeply, both online and offline, while providing new products  
and the fastest service—all in an environment of trust and security. 
To do that, the bank is infusing IBM Watson into the applications 
its advisors use and is embracing IBM Cloud as a platform  
for innovation, trust and security. 
François-Xavier Maille, director of one of the premier 
branches of Crédit Mutuel bank in Paris, was the first to deploy 
the initial AI solution: a Watson virtual assistant that helps 
employees answer customers’ questions. “The application has 
60%
faster responses to 
business inquiries
175,000
daily emails routed 
and prioritized
and you can see the implications for how banking consumers 
liberated our people from a few recurring tasks so they can devote 
experience and engage with their financial institutions: More 
their time and talents to understanding our clients’ aspirations, 
relevant innovation for customers. Lower client turnover for banks. 
challenges, and circumstances,” says François-Xavier. Today, 
Greater confidence in asset management for consumers. Higher 
23,000 Crédit Mutuel advisors across France rely on the Watson 
employee engagement and contributions. Growing customer 
tool, which helps employees answer business-related questions 
satisfaction. And more predictable performance for institutions.  
60% faster. The bank intends to use Watson across all of its 
AI accelerates access to relevant information and liberates people 
business lines. 
to provide a human touch.

--- Page 11 ---
DeKalb is shifting to a systems-based approach to care. 
The IBM Watson Health solution helped Ellen Hargett, executive 
director of DeKalb’s Quality Institute, and her team change the way 
they measure system-wide performance by organizing data and 
analysis into a usable dashboard. For each key performance metric 
on the dashboard, Ellen established tactical teams to fully 
understand the metrics, determine the “why” behind them and 
recommend tactics for improvement. Across healthcare, a 
systems-based approach can also produce a significant positive 
impact on resources. For example, sepsis is not only a medical 
challenge for hospitals. It’s also the most costly reason for 
hospitalization, consuming $24 billion each year in the U.S. alone. 
DeKalb’s efforts to quantify, analyze and shift the diagnosis and 
treatment of sepsis have not only led to a lower mortality rate but 
also significantly reduced the length of stay for patients.
Individual treatments are now based on data informed  
by large-scale findings across large populations. Historically, 
doctors diagnosed through trained intuition. In recent decades, 
however, this approach has been replaced by “empirical medicine” 
that’s based on data. The result is more standardized treatments 
and improved outcomes. At DeKalb, data is shared with healthcare 
professionals, providing them with information to spot large 
patterns or gaps. Watson Health’s data-driven tools allow 
healthcare institutions to organize and visualize data and take  
fast action to address weaknesses or roll out improvements. 
A data-driven approach to challenges like sepsis also helps 
doctors expand their understanding of the syndrome, improving 
diagnosis and treatment. This trajectory will eventually create  
Christina English is helping to lead  
DeKalb Medical’s fight against sepsis.
IBM Watson Health
DeKalb Medical:  
Stronger medicine
DeKalb Medical takes a systems-based, data-intensive 
a new era of healthcare. As medical professionals tap data at both 
approach to fighting dangerous infections with the help  
of IBM Watson Health. One of the lesser-known challenges  
it faces is sepsis, which is caused by an infection that triggers  
an inflammatory immune response. Sepsis is notoriously  
difficult to diagnose and treat, making it the third-leading  
cause of death in the U.S. 
Nurses see it all, and sepsis requires them to race  
against the clock. But with the intelligent use of data, delivered  
by IBM Watson Health and deployed by a team led by Christina 
English, a quality management specialist and former bedside 
nurse, clinicians at DeKalb are getting a step ahead to help  
patients get better, faster. Previously, Christina and her team had  
to fight sepsis with siloed and sometimes subjective information.  
“We knew what to look for, but we didn’t understand the 
importance of the symptoms, how they worked together and how  
a clearly defined set of treatment measures is critical to success,” 
she says. Using IBM CareDiscovery, part of Watson Health’s set  
of performance-improvement solutions for healthcare providers, 
Christina and her team were able to gather and analyze industry 
benchmarks as well as their own performance metrics in order  
to identify sepsis “flags” and pinpoint where DeKalb could take 
proactive measures.
the systemic and individual levels, an age of “precision medicine” 
will arise. It will be a time when understanding derived from the 
many can be tailored and applied to the needs of the individual.
This data-driven  
approach will eventually  
create a new era  
of healthcare. 
30%
fewer lives lost  
to sepsis

--- Page 12 ---
11
IBM Watson
Hydro One: 
Outsmarting  
the storm
Another late spring storm was rolling toward the Canadian 
utility Hydro One. But in its ongoing battle with ice, snow,  
wind and thunderstorms, this time the utility found calm in the 
predictive power of The Weather Company and IBM Watson.
Derek Roles, director, Emergency Preparedness and 
Restoration, is Hydro One’s first line of defense for a service area 
that covers most of Ontario. Twenty years of experience and  
an encyclopedic knowledge of winter storms have helped him 
manage through many major disruptions, so Derek can usually  
plan for the worst. Now, though, he can predict it. And that 
changes everything. In the past, recovery teams were deployed 
only after the weather had passed. Now, however, Derek doesn’t 
just keep up with the weather—he stays ahead of it. This shift  
was made possible because Derek and his team put data and  
AI to work: they trained Watson to predict outages using five years 
of Hydro One historical outage data and a massive amount of 
Ontario’s historical weather information. Derek’s new predictive 
tools help him paint a clearer picture of how a storm will affect  
the utility’s electrical distribution network.
Hydro One has committed itself to a more proactive 
approach, and the utility has not only gained a new way to  
fight storms, but has also changed its basic business operations  
to strengthen its customers’ experience and service quality.  
With Watson, Hydro One’s  
Derek Roles, director, Emergency 
Preparedness and Restoration, 
can restore power more quickly 
after a storm. 
Predictive intelligence is 
starting to create new options 
that can make extreme 
weather more manageable  
and less disruptive.
33%
faster electricity 
restoration than 
similar storms
Emergency 
Recovery Award 
from the Edison 
Electric Institute
The predictive power of AI enables Hydro One to activate its 
Weather exerts a tremendous influence on the economy.  
emergency organization structure in advance and create detailed 
It affects productivity, sales and energy consumption, and  
team deployment plans, positioning some crews in the storm’s 
it can disrupt supply chains and transportation systems.  
predicted path while making sure other crews are well rested.  
Severe weather can upend lives and businesses for hours, weeks,  
The utility is also able to staff call centers more effectively and 
years or even forever. So there’s a logic behind the expression  
notify customers of a storm’s potential impact on their service.  
“ride out the storm”—that’s often been the only option.  
So when a storm hits, restoration plans are already in motion and 
But predictive intelligence is starting to create new options that 
work crews can spring into action faster than ever before, quickly 
can make extreme weather more manageable and less disruptive.  
and safely scaling repairs from the main transmission grid to 
This is especially critical at a time when severe weather is the 
smaller circuits to individual customer locations in remote areas.
leading cause of power disruptions in many countries. Global 
economic losses resulting from weather disasters totaled 
$215 billion last year. By putting the power of data and Watson  
to work, Hydro One is modeling new solutions for previously 
intractable weather problems everywhere—problems that  
can now be better understood and managed, along with human 
risks that can now be met head-on with artificial intelligence.
