
--- Page 2 ---
LETTER FROM YOUR CEO
To our stockholders, customers, partners,
and employees:
Legendary Intel CEO Andy Grove talked about “strategic
inflection points,” periods of fundamental change in a
business, an industry, or even the world. At such times, he
said, clarity about what you uniquely do and why you do it is
essential to defining your path forward.
The emergence of data as a transformational force is such a
moment—for the world and for Intel. We already create
technology that enriches lives, serving every industry, every
sector of society, and nearly every person on earth, every day.
But now nearly everything looks more like a computer and
therefore what it means to have “Intel Inside” is changing.
A computer is no longer simply a PC or a server in a data
center, or even a phone. Computing is permeating all of our
interactions: the global communications network, every retail
experience, vehicle, hospital, farm, and factory floor. This is
helping unleash the potential of data in every part of our lives
and create societal and economic value on a global scale.
Intel Inside now goes well beyond the familiar CPU in your PC
to include processors that orchestrate a network, visual
processing units that help give a car awareness of its
environment, and ASICs specially tuned to machine learning
algorithms. Also, new, highly flexible packaging technologies
enable platform solutions that solve our customers’ biggest
challenges.
This profound evolution in computing opens a much larger
opportunity with implications for every aspect of our
business. As Intel’s leadership team, we must reimagine the
world through this change, and move forward boldly, not
constrained by history. This includes the iconic Intel culture
that helped define not just our company, but Silicon Valley
itself. In some regards, that culture is more differentiating
than ever, particularly the value we place on brilliant
engineering, integrity, truth, and transparency. But we also
know that we must continue to evolve our culture. We must
approach every day with a growth mindset.
We took important steps in that direction in 2019. Our focus
on data drove record financial performance, informed
strategic investments, and gave us the conviction to make
tough decisions about what not to do. The result is an Intel
that is more relevant in a world where AI is pervasive,
networks are transforming for unprecedented amounts of
data, and more intelligence is moving to the network edge.
These emerging opportunities all benefit from Intel’s unique
ability to reimagine the boundaries of innovation, achieve
economies of scale, and build global ecosystems.
“Our ambition is to play a much larger
role in our customers’ success.”
Bob Swan, Chief Executive Officer
Our progress on this journey and our record results are
gratifying, but they’re not a reason for complacency. Our
ambition is to play a much larger role in our customers’
success. Therefore, we need to ensure that we exceed their
expectations and deliver what they need when they need it.
Sometimes we failed to do that last year, and that was
unacceptable. Customers look to Intel for a predictable
cadence of high-performance products and technologies that
are integral to their success. They also look for products that
are designed for privacy and security, and manufactured in a
sustainable, ethically sourced way. Accountability comes with
the territory. We will improve our execution.
We are positioned for another strong year in 2020. We will
continue to make significant investments in R&D and capital
expenditures to deliver an unmatched portfolio of leadership
products, increase capacity for our customers, and accelerate
our Moore’s Law transitions. We expect to return in excess of
100% of free cash flow in 2020 through our dividend and
share repurchases. And finally, we will leverage our leadership
position in the global tech ecosystem to help Intel and the
industry make more progress in corporate responsibility,
environmental sustainability, diversity, and inclusion. No one
company, no matter how significant, can solve these
problems alone. We will soon outline long-term goals to
extend our positive global impact through 2030 and beyond.
To explain why I am so confident in our future, let me briefly
address three key elements of our journey going forward:
investing in strategic technology inflections to accelerate
growth; executing and innovating inspired by Moore’s Law;
and, critically, taking our culture forward.
Embracing strategic inflections
Intel at its best creates technologies that have true global
impact. The PC, the Internet, and the cloud were fully realized
in part because of the power of our technology and the
richness of our ecosystem. The technology inflections now
driving the data revolution—AI, 5G, and the intelligent edge—
will similarly rise on a foundation of great technology, shared
standards, and scale economics that unlock the creativity of
innovators around the world.

--- Page 3 ---
“Intel at its best creates technologies
that have true global impact. The PC,
the Internet, and the cloud were fully
realized in part because of the power
of our technology and the richness of
our ecosystem.”
As a result, our opportunity and our ambitions have never
been greater. Our strategy to help customers unleash the
potential of data has increased our addressable market by
about five times, to nearly $300 billion1. And we made
significant progress in 2019, repositioning Intel for these new
inflections.
According to IDC, 75% of enterprise applications will use AI
by 20212. That’s why we’re infusing AI into everything we
build. One reason Cascade Lake is our fastest ramping Intel®
Xeon® processor ever is its unrivaled AI performance,
including built-in Intel® Deep Learning Boost technology. Our
Intel® Movidius™ Vision Processing Unit is a performance
leader for AI at the edge, and we recently acquired Habana
Labs, further strengthening our broad AI portfolio.
With products spanning from the cloud to the intelligent
edge, we generated billions in AI-driven revenue in 2019,
growing in strong double digits.
We also have a very significant networking business helping
our customers transform their networks with a cloud-style
infrastructure that’s more flexible and efficient, virtualizing
workloads on Intel® architecture-based servers.
The 5G era will significantly increase demand for computing
throughout the network. Many services delivered from a
distant cloud today will be processed nearby to improve the
experience—at what we call the intelligent edge—whether the
context is AI-assisted retail or a super-efficient factory.
Perhaps the most transformational segment at the intelligent
edge will be transportation or “mobility,” where Intel is a
leader thanks to our acquisition of Mobileye two years ago. We
couldn’t be more excited about our progress toward winning
the $70 billion-plus3 opportunity for advanced driver-
assistance systems, autonomous vehicles, and crowd-sourced
maps generating valuable data. We aim to play an even larger
role in the $160 billion3 opportunity for mobility-as-a-service.
We recently demonstrated our capability in a very public way
when analysts and media from around the world test drove
our technology on the demanding roads of Jerusalem, where
the industry’s leading autonomous vehicle solution navigated
a wide variety of driving complexities and delivered
unmatched agility and safety.
Executing, inspired by Moore’s Law
Our co-founder Gordon Moore articulated a law of
exponential improvement for semiconductors in 1965 that
led us from tens, to tens of billions of transistors per chip. His
simple thought experiment still inspires our team every day to
continue reinventing not only transistors, but everything we
do.
To keep his vision alive, we are innovating and investing across
six pillars of technology that will fuel our product leadership:
process and packaging, architectures, memory, interconnects,
security technologies, and software. At the same time, Intel
Labs is researching completely new approaches to
computing—such as neuromorphic, probabilistic, and
quantum—that could unlock completely new opportunities.
Our process technology and design engineering teams are
working closely to simplify design and balance schedule,
performance, power, and cost, leveraging each of our six
pillars. In 2020, we will continue to make progress with
important new products, platform initiatives, and software
optimizations.
• Data center performance will advance when our 3rd
generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable processor debuts in the
second quarter of 2020 with “Cooper Lake,” followed by
initial production shipments of 10-nanometer “Ice Lake” in
the latter part of the year. We will also continue to deliver
platform solutions in the data center, combining
advancements in CPU with technologies like Intel® Optane™
DC persistent memory.
• Client performance in mobile has excellent momentum to
date on the strength of 10-nanometer Ice Lake system
designs, and will advance with our newest Intel® Core™
mobile processors, code-named “Tiger Lake,” later this
year. Our Project Athena program also helps the industry
create laptops with truly exciting innovations that
consumers and businesses really care about, including
longer battery life and instant wake features. Together with
our partners we expect to have verified more than 70
Project Athena designs across Windows and Chrome by the
end of this year.
10th Gen Intel Core Processor, code-named “Ice Lake”
• Software optimization is critical for any workload on an
individual silicon architecture, but it isn’t enough to
approach each in isolation when customers’ problems
increasingly demand diverse computing architectures.
That’s why we launched the oneAPI industry initiative to
deliver a unified and simplified programming model for
application development across a global ecosystem on
diverse architectures.
1 Source: Intel calculated 2024 total addressable market derived from industry analyst reports.
2 Source: International Data Corp. (IDC), “Artificial Intelligence Requires Tailored Solutions from Technology Providers” (2019).
3 Source: Intel calculated 2030 total addressable market derived from industry analyst reports.

--- Page 4 ---
“Our cultural evolution will be a significant
focus for me and the Intel leadership team in
2020.”
Our cultural evolution will be a significant focus for me and
the Intel leadership team in 2020. Our success evolving our
culture will determine how we perform over the next decade
and how we fulfill our purpose to create world-changing
technology that enriches lives.
The opportunities and profound strategic inflections that this
data revolution represent are evident. Intel is both positioned
and driven to seize them. I could not be more proud to lead
this group of people. I want to thank our many stakeholders
for their belief and partnership with Intel.
Bob Swan, CEO
Intel Corporation
Our pipeline of innovative 10-nanometer products is strong.
We are accelerating the pace of process node introductions,
moving back to a two- to two-and-a-half-year cadence with
7-nanometer-based products, and we are well down the
engineering path on 5-nanometer.
Evolving our culture
Intel has a wonderful culture, and we want to keep all the
elements that have made our company special. But we also
know that healthy and successful organizations evolve and
adapt as circumstances change.
When you are the clear leader in any field—as Intel has been
in semiconductors for PCs and servers—there is a danger that
your listening skills and your curiosity about the world will
erode. This is a big part of what Andy Grove meant when he
said, “Only the paranoid survive.” And that comes into sharp
focus when you aggressively reposition your company to
address a major new market opportunity, as we are today. In
an estimated $300 billion market opportunity, we have under
25 percent share, with a more diverse universe of customers
and increased competition.
This has several important cultural implications:
1. We must be customer obsessed. When you want to play
a bigger role in your customers’ success, and when the
sources of that success are shifting, you must understand
their ambitions and their challenges so you can anticipate
their needs.
2. We must show up as “One Intel.” When you expand your
horizons, you have a lot of new competitors. You must
bring everything you have—your collective talents—in
order to win.
3. We must be fearless. When you become a challenger,
you’re highly motivated to reinvent yourself and your
portfolio, and not simply protect what you built.
Fortunately, we have the best team of problem-solving
engineers on the planet. It’s the job of our leadership
team to foster the risk taking and learning mindset of a
challenger.
4. We need truth and transparency. Success over decades
and fear of failure can inhibit the free flow of information
between teams. It can make the constructive
confrontation for which Intel is famous too
uncomfortable. Or you may fail to truly confront what
data is telling you. You can’t do that in a fast-emerging
opportunity.
5. We must create a diverse and inclusive workplace. It’s
essential to a growth strategy. We’ve made good
progress and have set an example as a company that is
open about our diversity and inclusion journey, but we
have much to learn and to do.
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results to
differ are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section and throughout our 2019 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These risk factors are
subject to update by our future filings and submissions with the U.S. SEC. Forward-looking statements included in our 2019 Form 10-K are based
on management’s expectations as of January 23, 2020, and forward-looking statements in the CEO and Chairmen letters are based on
expectations as of March 2, 2020. Intel disclaims any obligation to update these statements, except as required by law.

--- Page 5 ---
LETTER FROM YOUR CHAIRMEN
Change and continuity are defining themes in Intel’s productive
history. Innovation demands change, and the pace of innovation
in technology is relentless. Those who thrive must adapt and
move forward, yet also maintain enduring values of excellence,
integrity, and purpose. As stewards of Intel’s future, the Board of
Directors works to ensure that Intel continues to thrive.
The Board actively works with management to ensure that the
company has a clear and compelling strategy to deliver long-term
value to the stockholders. We continually monitor opportunities
to deploy capital to areas that offer high returns or critical
capabilities. As part of this effort, we regularly evaluate the
business to identify investments with lower returns or less
strategic relevance.
With a sense of urgency, Intel is aggressively taking the necessary
actions to address the changes in the current global market.
When we have technology and manufacturing leadership, we
deliver products that succeed in the marketplace—this is a
fundamental of our industry. Intel is committed to achieving and
preserving leadership in design and process technology and to
expanding capabilities in high-growth areas such as 5G network
infrastructure, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving.
“Intel is committed to achieving and
preserving leadership in design and
process technology and to expanding
capabilities in high-growth areas such
as 5G network infrastructure, artificial
intelligence, and autonomous driving.”
To advance Intel’s artificial intelligence strategy and strengthen
the company’s portfolio of artificial intelligence accelerators for
the data center, the Board approved the acquisition of Habana
Labs for approximately $1.7 billion in 2019. We also approved
the sale of most of Intel’s smartphone modem business, a
divestment that will enable the company to sharpen its focus on
developing technologies for the rapidly expanding 5G network.
The largest portion of Intel’s $16.2 billion in capital spending in
2019 was used to build and equip factories with advanced
technologies to enable us to meet customer demand for products
with a range of capabilities. We expect to add approximately 25%
more wafer capacity to support PC unit volume growth in 2020.
Oversight of capital allocation and cash policy are among the
Board’s most important responsibilities. The investments of
recent years were evident in the results of 2019, as the business
generated a robust $33.1 billion in cash from operations. Return
on average equity was a healthy 27.7%. For the past five years,
Intel’s return on equity averaged approximately 21.4% and the
operations generated a cumulative total of $125.5 billion in cash.
Intel has long been committed to returning capital to
stockholders, first authorizing stock repurchases in 1990 and first
paying dividends in 1992. In 2019, the company paid dividends
of $5.6 billion, and it spent $13.6 billion to repurchase
271.7 million shares.
In the 10 years ending in December 2019, we reduced diluted
shares by 21.5%. Since 1990, the company has returned a
cumulative $199.4 billion in cash to stockholders and in October
2019, we approved the repurchase of $20 billion in shares.
Intel relies on its directors for a mix of professional knowledge
and personal perspectives and routinely evaluates its board
composition, focusing on tenure, diversity, and relevant
experience. We are committed to maintaining a diverse Board
with fresh perspectives to provide independent oversight. The
Board offers a strong skill set across manufacturing, technology,
finance, and marketing, including international experience.
The Board recently added two more independent directors, who
bring deep experience in innovation, emerging technologies,
cloud computing, and corporate governance. Since the beginning
of 2016, the Board has elected seven new independent directors,
three of whom are women, and an independent chair. The Audit,
Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating, and
Finance Committees are fully independent.
From its beginning, Intel has believed that employees and culture
are the foundation of success. The company’s first official
corporate objective about people was introduced in 1987 and
recognized in the annual report to stockholders. Innovation and
creativity flourish in an environment where people feel free to
speak the truth and to share different perspectives. Execution is
better when the business is run with discipline and integrity, and
people share a commitment to create value. The dedication of
Intel employees to stay focused in a dynamic industry is
testimony to the strength of their values and vital importance of
their contributions.
As your outgoing and newly elected chairmen, we share high
hopes for the future of Intel and deep respect for Intel
employees. Leadership transitions at Intel are not about products
or technologies or markets. They are about fostering the culture
that has made success possible, while allowing the company to
seize new opportunities and flourish in new environments. The
Board is committed to doing the work necessary to help make
Intel’s future as vibrant as its past.
Andy D. Bryant
Director, Former Chairman of the Board
Omar Ishrak
Chairman of the Board

--- Page 6 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 7 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
Í ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 28, 2019.
or
‘ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from
to
.
Commission File Number 000-06217
INTEL CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
2200 Mission College Boulevard, Santa Clara, California
(Address of principal executive offices)
94-1672743
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
95054-1549
(Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (408) 765-8080
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Common stock, $0.001 par value
Trading symbol
INTC
Name of each exchange on which registered
Nasdaq Global Select Market
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Í No ‘
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ‘ No Í
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Í No ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). Yes Í No ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large Accelerated Filer Í Accelerated Filer ‘ Non-Accelerated Filer ‘ Smaller Reporting Company ‘ Emerging Growth Company ‘
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ‘ No Í
Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2019, based upon the
closing price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was $212.0 billion. 4,277 million shares of
common stock were outstanding as of January 17, 2020.
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement related to its 2020 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting to be filed subsequently are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant’s proxy statement shall
not be deemed to be part of this report.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ORGANIZATION OF OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
The order and presentation of content in our Form 10-K differs from the traditional SEC Form 10-K format. Our format is
designed to improve readability and better presents how we organize and manage our business. See “Form 10-K Cross-Reference
Index” within the Financial Statements and Supplemental Details for a cross-reference index to the traditional SEC Form 10-K
format. To reflect our focus on transforming from a PC-centric1 company to a data-centric company, we have presented our data-
centric businesses1 first in the “Segment Trends and Results” within MD&A.
We have defined certain terms and abbreviations used throughout our Form 10-K in “Key Terms” within the Financial Statements
and Supplemental Details.
The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements is in conformity with U.S. GAAP. We have included key metrics that we
use to measure our business, some of which are non-GAAP measures. See these “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” within MD&A.
FUNDAMENTALS OF OUR BUSINESS
Introduction to Our Business
A Year in Review
Our Strategy
Our Capital
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
How We Organize Our Business
Our Products
Segment Trends and Results
Consolidated Results of Operations
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Contractual Obligations
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
OTHER KEY INFORMATION
Selected Financial Data
Sales and Marketing
Competition
Intellectual Property Rights and Licensing
Critical Accounting Estimates
Risk Factors
Properties
Market for Our Common Stock
Information about Our Executive Officers
Availability of Company Information
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DETAILS
Auditor’s Reports
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Key Terms
Financial Information by Quarter
Controls and Procedures
Exhibits
Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index
1 Intel’s definition is included in “Key Terms” within the Financial Statements and Supplemental Details.
PAGE
3
4
6
8
16
17
18
35
40
43
43
45
47
48
49
49
50
50
61
61
63
64
66
69
74
109
111
112
113
118
