
--- Page 5 ---
LETTER FROM YOUR CEO
“Our ambitions have never been
greater, but with an expanded
market comes new competition.”
We find ourselves today at a significant moment in the history of the technology industry, and of
Intel. We enter our second half-century as the world is reordering in ways that promise to make
our company even more central to its future.
The fact that this year also marks my first as CEO leading this extraordinary team—and this
annual report my first to you, our owners—brings all of this home to me in a highly personal
way. The opportunities and the responsibilities are, frankly, both humbling and energizing as I
meet Intel employees, partners and customers around the world.
When Intel was created in 1968, the world was witnessing an explosion of hardware capability.
Propelled by Gordon Moore’s famous law, Intel, its partners and its customers transformed
business and society by providing a run of innovation that rivaled the Industrial Revolution. At
various points along the way, some believed that semiconductors had become commodities.
Always, technology, together with software innovation, created new possibilities and
opportunity that dwarfed everything that had come before it.
Today, computing is distributed into all things, now capable of entirely new and more powerful
kinds of work—most notably, machine learning, deep learning and other forms of artificial
intelligence (AI). We find ourselves again, not at an end, but at a beginning. The data-centric era
is bringing volumes and varieties of information that make entirely new demands on our
technology. A diversity of innovation will be required to make the leaps forward in performance,
efficiency, latency, security and form factors that create value for our customers across the
spectrum of new workloads.
In response, your company has been on a journey of transformation. One principally fueled by
opportunity. This is visible in our financial performance. Exceeding the goals we set in January,
we achieved record revenue in 2018, up 13 percent due to strong demand in both our data-
centric and PC-centric businesses. We grew operating income faster than revenue, and earnings
per share even faster. Improvements in operational efficiency contributed to these strong
results, while we also invested a record $28.7 billion in R&D and capital spending to strengthen
our competitive position.
We continued improving the performance and capabilities of our industry-leading CPUs while expanding our efforts to win in growth areas like AI,
autonomous driving and 5G. We are developing new, purpose-built processors and technologies enabling new classes of products for our
customers. We can do this because Intel is uniquely able to invest billions of dollars across six pillars of innovation that will drive computing
forward: process and packaging technology, architectures, memory, interconnects, security technologies, and software. At the same time, we are
researching completely new approaches to computing like neuromorphic, probabilistic and quantum that could unlock even greater opportunities.
Today, Intel is not only the CPU leader in PC and server segments, but we are positioned to compete and hungry to win in a market for silicon that
has expanded to more than $300 billion1—the largest in our company’s history.
Finally, because our work is inherently linked to the growth not only of business but of society, innovation and economic impact must be
accompanied by continued extension of our role as a global citizen and leader. The many dimensions of this are described in our Corporate
Responsibility Report at www.intel.com/responsibility. I am especially proud of the outstanding diversity and inclusion accomplishment in which
Intel reached full representation2 of women and underrepresented minorities in our U.S. workforce and gender pay equity across our global
workforce. Also, to celebrate our 50th anniversary, Intel employees contributed 1.5 million volunteer hours around the world.
The path ahead, while enormously promising, remains challenging. As Andy Grove reminded us, it helps to be paranoid, and we take nothing for
granted in driving our transformation forward.
Our ambitions have never been greater, but with an expanded market comes new competition. In particular, we have missed important milestones
in process technology, which weighed on our customers and created opportunity for our competitors. To win, we must execute with excellence
and at the same time approach every day with a growth mindset and a customer obsession. We must deeply internalize the essential role we play
in our customers’ businesses and relentlessly anticipate their need for the scalable and highly-relevant innovation that only Intel can offer. Our
data-centric strategy will continuously evolve, and we rigorously evaluate opportunities to accelerate our transformation, while optimizing return
on our investments.
Our ace in the hole is our culture, and our ability to evolve it. This company is unbelievable in its ability to solve problems. Challenges can tear
teams apart—or bring them together. Our leadership team and our employees responded to the challenges and opportunities of 2018 by coming
together to engineer solutions, improve our execution and increase our output. I am confident that they will do so in 2019 and beyond.
That’s why I am so proud, humbled and grateful to find myself writing to you for the first time as the current steward of this special company to
thank you for your continued support and trust. I truly believe our second half-century promises to be even more remarkable than our first.
Bob Swan, Chief Executive Officer
1 Source: Intel calculated 2022 TAM derived from industry analyst reports.
2 Full representation means that Intel’s workforce now reflects the percent of women and underrepresented minorities available in the U.S. skilled labor market.
Past performance does not guarantee future results. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results
to differ are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section and throughout our 2018 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These risk factors are subject to update by our future filings and
submissions with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and earnings releases.

--- Page 6 ---
LETTER FROM YOUR CHAIRMAN
“We enter our second half century with
strong business momentum, big
challenges, and enormous
opportunities.”
Intel’s 50th year was the most profitable in its history. The company enters its sixth decade with
strong momentum, dynamic markets, and enormous opportunities.
In 2018 Intel’s return on equity was 29.3%, the highest since the year 2000. The operations
generated $29.4 billion in cash, an Intel record. For the past five years, Intel’s return on equity
averaged approximately 20% and the operations generated a total of $112.8 billion in cash.
These results reflect a thoughtful and disciplined approach to our business. As part of its
oversight, Intel’s Board of Directors provides independent guidance on strategy and initiatives.
With financial capital, the discussion begins with a review of current and future business,
focusing on critical needs and areas of highest potential returns. Intel is expanding to capture
opportunity that includes the data center, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving, and
our capital allocation is designed to accelerate progress. Intel’s capital spending in 2018 was
$15.2 billion. The largest portion of this was invested in equipment and facilities to advance
and expand Intel’s manufacturing capabilities. We expect these investments to enable the
company to meet customer demand for improved products and to generate high returns for
stockholders.
After reviewing the needs of the business, the Board considers ways to return cash to
stockholders, through dividends and stock repurchases. During 2018, Intel paid $5.5 billion in
dividends and increased Intel’s dividend per share by 10% from 2017. The company also
repurchased $10.7 billion in shares, an increase from 2017. Since 2013, we have reduced the
level of diluted shares outstanding by 7.8%. Since 1992, when Intel initiated dividend
payments, Intel has returned a cumulative $180.1 billion to stockholders in repurchases and
dividends.
How does a company like Intel continue to deliver value, decade after decade, in a dynamic
industry? Intel’s success has always depended foremost on its employees and a culture that
delivers outstanding innovation and technology. The business must welcome diverse
perspectives, adapt, and change, but its values must endure. Intel’s founders
fostered a culture of excellence that values innovation, integrity, and optimism. As we evolve our culture to pursue new opportunities these remain
guiding principles. Talented people with diverse traits and backgrounds, united by shared values and robust processes, help to support the
exchange and development of ideas necessary for vitality and relevance. Corporate responsibility and governance provide a strong foundation for
business success.
With this in mind, the Board gives careful consideration to investments in people, so that the company has the resources to attract, develop, and
retain talent and make Intel a compelling place to work. The Board conducts an annual, comprehensive review to ensure that compensation
practices for employees at all levels are aligned with our strategy to pay competitively, retain talent, and build stockholder value. We are
committed to equal pay for equal work and experience, on a global basis, regardless of gender or ethnicity. Training and development at Intel is a
continuous journey, with programs available for people at all stages of their careers—from new employees to the most senior leaders.
It is important not only to do the right thing but also to make it possible for people to know we do the right thing. Transparency, engagement, and
accountability are critical elements of the Board’s stewardship. Intel’s Annual Report to stockholders, for the second consecutive year, is presented
in a format that goes beyond the legal requirements to provide information about our business in a clear and effective manner. We supplement
these disclosures with additional reports and presentations on topics such as our business strategy, sustainability initiatives, and
accomplishments. Intel has an active year-round engagement program with stockholders and other stakeholders. The Board and its committees
receive regular reports on comments and perspectives provided through these activities.
Intel’s Board has been a leader in adopting corporate governance practices that reinforce accountability. In the past three years, we refreshed the
Board membership with five new independent directors. We were one of the first public companies to adopt majority voting in the election of
directors and, more recently, adopt proxy access, providing stockholders who have held at least 3% of our stock for at least three years the ability
to include director nominees in our proxy statement. This year we have lowered the share ownership threshold for calling special meetings of
stockholders to 15%.
The Board invested the largest portion of its time in 2018 in vigorous discussions about culture, leadership and sustainable value, as we
conducted a search for Intel’s seventh CEO. In 2019, we elected Bob Swan, who previously served as interim CEO and Chief Financial Officer.
We are fortunate to have a leader of Bob’s caliber as CEO. Please join us in welcoming Bob to the role and looking ahead with optimism as Intel
continues to embrace change and define its future.
Andy D. Bryant, Chairman of the Board

--- Page 7 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
Í ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018.
or
‘ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from
to
.
Commission File Number 000-06217
INTEL CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization
2200 Mission College Boulevard, Santa Clara, California
(Address of principal executive offices)
94-1672743
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
95054-1549
(Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (408) 765-8080
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Common stock, $0.001 par value
Name of each exchange on which registered
The Nasdaq Global Select Market*
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Í No ‘
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ‘ No Í
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Í No ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). Yes Í No ‘
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer Í
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
Smaller reporting company ‘
Emerging growth company ‘
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ‘ No Í
Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 29, 2018, based upon the
closing price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was $229.2 billion. 4,497 million shares of
common stock were outstanding as of January 26, 2019.
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement related to its 2019 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting to be filed subsequently are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant’s proxy statement shall not
be deemed to be part of this report.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ORGANIZATION OF OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
The order and presentation of content in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K) differs from the traditional U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) Form 10-K format. We believe that our format improves readability and better presents how we
organize and manage our business. See “Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index” within the Financial Statements and Supplemental
Details for a cross-reference index to the traditional SEC Form 10-K format.
The preparation of consolidated financial statements is in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
We have included key metrics that we use to measure our business, some of which are non-GAAP measures. See these
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” within Other Key Information.
FUNDAMENTALS OF OUR BUSINESS
Introduction to Our Business
A Year in Review
Our Strategy
How We Organize Our Business
Our Products
Our Capital
Who Manages Our Business
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (MD&A)
Overview
Revenue, Gross Margin, and Operating Expenses
Segment Trends and Results
Other Consolidated Results of Operations
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Contractual Obligations
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
OTHER KEY INFORMATION
Selected Financial Data
Sales and Marketing
Competition
Intellectual Property Rights and Licensing
Critical Accounting Estimates
Risk Factors
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Properties
Market for Our Common Stock
Availability of Company Information
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DETAILS
Auditor’s Reports
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Information by Quarter
Controls and Procedures
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index
PAGE
3
4
6
8
9
10
18
19
20
23
38
39
42
43
45
46
47
48
49
49
58
60
60
61
63
65
70
109
110
111
116
