
--- Page 2 ---
Letter from your ceo
To our stockholders, customers, partners, and employees:
As I reflect on one year as CEO of this iconic company, I 
am more inspired than ever to lead more than 121,000 of 
the best and brightest minds here at Intel. 
We have been laser-focused on rebuilding our execution 
engine–moving at a torrid pace and rekindling our 
renowned Groveian culture. Throughout 2021, we hired 
more than 17,000 technical employees, including new 
leaders to accelerate our growth and competitive position in 
key areas. And as of 2022, every Intel employee has 
specific goals linked to our corporate strategy and tied 
directly to compensation.
We re-architected the company into six distinct businesses 
that uniquely position us to provide more value to our 
customers and partners and capitalize on unprecedented 
industry demand for semiconductors. Beginning in 2022, we 
will report results under this new structure to drive even 
greater transparency for our many stakeholders. Our 
strategy will allow us to grow our traditional markets – client, 
data center, network, and edge – with increasingly 
competitive roadmaps that let us win share. And we will be 
able to thrive in exciting, emerging markets with focused 
investments in graphics, foundry, and Mobileye. 
As I laid out at our recent Investor Meeting, four 
fundamental beliefs underpin the core of Intel’s strategy, as 
well the future of the semiconductor industry. 
We are in an era of sustained long-term demand. 
Technology is increasingly central to every aspect of human 
existence. Driven by the digitization of industry 
transformation, the market for semiconductor technology 
reached $500 billion for the first time in 2021 and is 
forecasted to reach $1 trillion by the end of this decade. We 
believe that revenue at the leading edge, for the most 
advanced silicon process nodes, will grow twice as fast as 
the rest of the market over that time. We are determined to 
deliver leadership products and services that satisfy this 
demand.
Insatiable requirements for compute continue to drive 
the value of Moore’s Law. Since its founding, Intel has 
thrived on the relentless pursuit of semiconductor invention 
and innovation as described by Moore’s Law. 
Semiconductors provided the technological backbone 
behind the greatest period of human innovation and wealth 
creation in history—and we remain right in the thick of it. As 
stewards of Moore’s Law, we continue investing to solve the 
problems of tomorrow. 
"We are currently executing the largest capacity 
expansion in our history, with more than 20 
concurrent construction projects worldwide..."
As I highlighted in our Investor Meeting, we continue to be 
on or ahead of schedule to deliver five nodes in four years – 
per the roadmap we laid out last July, which also recognizes 
the need for lower latency, higher density, and more power-
efficient solutions. This will require significant R&D 
investment in new transistor designs, extreme ultraviolet 
(EUV) lithography tools, advanced packaging, and precision 
manufacturing for the Angstrom Era of semiconductors. In 
2021, we outlined some of our long-term research – items 
such as a greater than 10x density improvement in 
packaging, and a 30% to 50% area improvement in 
transistor scaling. Combined with other advances like 
RibbonFet, PowerVia, High NA Lithography and 
developments with 2.5D and 3D packaging), we see a path 
to move from 100B transistors on a package today to 1 
trillion by 2030.
Pat Gelsinger, Chief Executive Officer
Open ecosystems unleash innovation and democratize 
compute. In the tech industry, open ecosystems unleash 
innovation and democratize compute, and Intel is doubling 
down on a deep legacy of open platforms. We are 
prioritizing our developer-first approach to deliver open and 
secure software and hardware platforms that drive industry-
shaping standards and innovation in key workloads. We are 
supporting and empowering developer choice through 
collaboration with the broad ecosystem. As open, 
standards-based, software toolkits like oneAPI unleash the 
capability of thousands of developers, we expect to see a 
proliferation of solutions across CPUs, GPUs, and other 
accelerators.
Cloud computing will continue to grow, but edge computing 
will grow faster as workload and processing requirements 
are increasingly satisfied by general purpose compute 
supported by open software frameworks. In AI, we already 
see inferencing workloads on primarily open platforms. 
We are also revitalizing our PC and x86 ecosystem, which 
has always been a tremendous force for growth–and 
proven to be even more essential to everyday life, driven by 
the “new normal” of hybrid work and education models. 
Along with key partners, we are leaning in to make the PC 
the best experience of the digital world and the clear 
platform for next-generation immersive experiences.
And we opened our fabs to the world with Intel Foundry 
Services, a fully vertical, stand-alone foundry business built 
to help meet the growing global demand for 
semiconductors. We will open our intellectual properties 
(IP), standards, and our x86 architectures to external 
foundry customers. We recently drove the creation of UCIe 
(check) for chiplet standard across multi-tile packages. Our 
foundry ambitions are bolstered by our acquisition of Tower 
Semiconductor, which will accelerate our entry into the 
business and allow us to engage with some of the fastest 
growing areas of the market.
The world needs more balanced and resilient supply 
chains. As the past few years have shown, the world needs 
more semiconductor manufacturing capacity and a more 
diversified, secure, and geographically balanced supply 
chain. Intel is uniquely positioned to help address this need 
and deliver leading-edge process technology at scale. 
Our investments in leading-edge capacity in the U.S. and 
Europe are aimed squarely at the next wave of innovations 
enabled by the technology superpowers and we continue to 
expand our manufacturing footprint around the world. We 
are currently executing the largest capacity expansion in 
our history, with more than 20 concurrent construction 
projects worldwide all of which are on, or ahead of, 
schedule. 
This expansion includes the January 2022 announcement 
of the first new U.S. Intel manufacturing site in 40 years, a 
mega-site in Ohio. The creation of a “Silicon Heartland” 
opens an entire region to help boost production to meet the 
surging demand for advanced semiconductors, powering a 
new generation of innovative products from Intel. In March 
2022, we announced landmark investments spanning 
Germany, France, Ireland, Italy, Poland and Spain – a 
holistic investment strategy to drive innovation and create a 
world-class chip ecosystem across all of Europe. 
Furthermore, through sustainable manufacturing practices 
and aggressive environmental targets, we are deeply 
committed to being good neighbors in the communities 
where we operate. We have set aggressive environmental 
targets in areas such as renewable energy use, water 
reclamation and waste to landfill. We also collaborate with 
our ecosystem to reduce climate impact in semiconductor 
manufacturing and advancing sustainable chemistry use to 
minimize the use and creation of hazardous materials. 
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actuals results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause results 
to differ are set forth in the "Risk Factors" section and throughout our 2021 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These 
risk factors are subject to update by our future filings and submissions with the U.S. SEC. Forward-looking statements included in our 
2021 Form 10-K are based on management's expectations as of January 26, 2022, and forward-looking statements in the CEO letter 
are based on expectations as of February 17, 2022 with the exception of the March 15, 2022 Europe investment announcement. Intel 
disclaims any obligation to update these statements, except as required by law

--- Page 3 ---
As I highlighted in our Investor Meeting, we continue to be 
on or ahead of schedule to deliver five nodes in four years – 
per the roadmap we laid out last July, which also recognizes 
the need for lower latency, higher density, and more power-
efficient solutions. This will require significant R&D 
investment in new transistor designs, extreme ultraviolet 
(EUV) lithography tools, advanced packaging, and precision 
manufacturing for the Angstrom Era of semiconductors. In 
2021, we outlined some of our long-term research – items 
such as a greater than 10x density improvement in 
packaging, and a 30% to 50% area improvement in 
transistor scaling. Combined with other advances like 
developments with 2.5D and 3D packaging), we see a path 
to move from 100B transistors on a package today to 1 
Open ecosystems unleash innovation and democratize 
In the tech industry, open ecosystems unleash 
innovation and democratize compute, and Intel is doubling 
down on a deep legacy of open platforms. We are 
prioritizing our developer-first approach to deliver open and 
secure software and hardware platforms that drive industry-
shaping standards and innovation in key workloads. We are 
supporting and empowering developer choice through 
standards-based, software toolkits like oneAPI unleash the 
capability of thousands of developers, we expect to see a 
proliferation of solutions across CPUs, GPUs, and other 
open, 
Cloud computing will continue to grow, but edge computing 
will grow faster as workload and processing requirements 
are increasingly satisfied by general purpose compute 
supported by open software frameworks. In AI, we already 
see inferencing workloads on primarily open platforms. 
We are also revitalizing our PC and x86 ecosystem, which 
has always been a tremendous force for growth–and 
proven to be even more essential to everyday life, driven by 
the “new normal” of hybrid work and education models. 
Along with key partners, we are leaning in to make the PC 
the best experience of the digital world and the clear 
platform for next-generation immersive experiences.
And we opened our fabs to the world with Intel Foundry 
Services, a fully vertical, stand-alone foundry business built 
to help meet the growing global demand for 
semiconductors. We will open our intellectual properties 
(IP), standards, and our x86 architectures to external 
foundry customers. We recently drove the creation of UCIe 
(check) for chiplet standard across multi-tile packages. Our 
foundry ambitions are bolstered by our acquisition of Tower 
Semiconductor, which will accelerate our entry into the 
business and allow us to engage with some of the fastest 
growing areas of the market.
The world needs more balanced and resilient supply 
chains. As the past few years have shown, the world needs 
more semiconductor manufacturing capacity and a more 
diversified, secure, and geographically balanced supply 
chain. Intel is uniquely positioned to help address this need 
and deliver leading-edge process technology at scale. 
Our investments in leading-edge capacity in the U.S. and 
Europe are aimed squarely at the next wave of innovations 
enabled by the technology superpowers and we continue to 
expand our manufacturing footprint around the world. We 
are currently executing the largest capacity expansion in 
our history, with more than 20 concurrent construction 
projects worldwide all of which are on, or ahead of, 
schedule. 
This expansion includes the January 2022 announcement 
of the first new U.S. Intel manufacturing site in 40 years, a 
mega-site in Ohio. The creation of a “Silicon Heartland” 
opens an entire region to help boost production to meet the 
surging demand for advanced semiconductors, powering a 
new generation of innovative products from Intel. In March 
2022, we announced landmark investments spanning 
Germany, France, Ireland, Italy, Poland and Spain – a 
holistic investment strategy to drive innovation and create a 
world-class chip ecosystem across all of Europe. 
Furthermore, through sustainable manufacturing practices 
and aggressive environmental targets, we are deeply 
committed to being good neighbors in the communities 
where we operate. We have set aggressive environmental 
targets in areas such as renewable energy use, water 
reclamation and waste to landfill. We also collaborate with 
our ecosystem to reduce climate impact in semiconductor 
manufacturing and advancing sustainable chemistry use to 
minimize the use and creation of hazardous materials. 
Pat Gelsinger announces Intel factory investment in Ohio
"We’ve embarked on an ambitious, five-year plan 
to create significant revenue growth and 
stockholder value. With the right strategy, the 
right team, and a supercharged culture of 
execution and innovation, we are putting Intel on a 
path for growth."
I am pleased with what we accomplished this past year, but 
there is still much to do, and we are not stopping. We’ve 
embarked on an ambitious, five-year plan to create 
significant revenue growth and stockholder value. With the 
right strategy, the right team, and a supercharged culture of 
execution and innovation, we are putting Intel on a path for 
growth.
Thank you for your ongoing support and belief in our 
purpose, which is at the heart of everything we do—to 
create world-changing technology that improves the life of 
every person on the planet.
Pat Gelsinger, CEO
Intel Corporation
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actuals results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause results 
to differ are set forth in the "Risk Factors" section and throughout our 2021 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These 
risk factors are subject to update by our future filings and submissions with the U.S. SEC. Forward-looking statements included in our 
2021 Form 10-K are based on management's expectations as of January 26, 2022, and forward-looking statements in the CEO letter 
are based on expectations as of February 17, 2022 with the exception of the March 15, 2022 Europe investment announcement. Intel 
disclaims any obligation to update these statements, except as required by law.

--- Page 4 ---
ents 
Corporate Directory
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Patrick P. Gelsinger
(Mark One)
Chief Executive Officer
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
FORM 10-K 
Patrick P. Gelsinger
☑ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Chief Executive Officer
For the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021.
James J. Goetz
or
David A. Zinsner
Partner
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Executive Vice President 
Chief Financial Officer and
Sequoia Capital
For the transition period from                      to                    .
Andrea J. Goldsmith
Dean of Engineering and Applied Science and 
Commission File Number 000-06217 
Principal Accounting Officer
Professor of Engineering
Princeton University
Alyssa Henry
Square Lead and 
Block Infrastructure and Information Security Lead
INTEL CORPORATION 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Block, Inc.
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
94-1672743
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
Dr. Omar Ishrak†
2200 Mission College Boulevard,  Santa Clara, California
(Address of principal executive offices)
Former Executive Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (408) 765-8080 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
95054-1549
(Zip Code)
For additional listing of Intel senior management, 
visit:
www.intel.com/newsroom/bios
Name of each exchange on which registered
Nasdaq Global Select Market
Trading symbol
INTC
Medtronic plc
Title of each class
Common stock, $0.001 par value
Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation PIK
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Professor Emerita
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☑  No ☐
University of Pennsylvania
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes ☐  No ☑
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
Dr. Tsu-Jae King Liu
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☑  No ☐
Dean and Roy W. Carlson Professor of Engineering
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 
College of Engineering
Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such 
University of California, Berkeley
files).    Yes ☑  No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an 
Gregory D. Smith
emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Former Chief Financial Officer and 
Large Accelerated Filer
Executive Vice President, Enterprise Operations 
Accelerated Filer  
Non-Accelerated Filer  
Smaller Reporting Company  
Emerging Growth Company  
☑
☐
☐
The Boeing Company
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or 
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   ☐
Dion J. Weisler
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 
Former President and Chief Executive Officer
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or 
issued its audit report.  ☑
HP Inc.
☐
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes ☐  No ☑
Frank D. Yeary
Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 25, 2021, based upon the closing price 
of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was $226.8 billion. 4,072 million shares of common stock were 
Principal
outstanding as of January 21, 2022. 
Darwin Capital Advisors, LLC
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement related to its 2022 Annual Stockholders' Meeting to be filed subsequently are incorporated by reference into 
Part III of this Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant's proxy statement shall not be deemed to be part of this report. 
3
1 Independent Chairman of the Board
** As of March 1, 2022

--- Page 5 ---
Table of Contents
Investor Information
Organization of Our Form 10-K 
Intel on NASDAQ
The order and presentation of content in our Form 10-K differs from the traditional SEC Form 10-K format. Our format is designed to 
Intel's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market* under the symbol INTC.
improve readability and better present how we organize and manage our business. See "Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index" within the 
Financial Statements and Supplemental Details for a cross-reference index to the traditional SEC Form 10-K format. 
Investor materials
We have defined certain terms and abbreviations used throughout our Form 10-K in "Key Terms" within the Financial Statements and 
Intel's Investor Relations website contains background on our company and our products, financial information, investor presentations, 
Supplemental Details.
frequently asked questions, and our online annual report, as well as other useful information such as news releases and information on 
corporate governance practices and corporate responsibility. For investor information, including additional copies of our annual report/10-
The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements is in conformity with US GAAP. Our Form 10-K includes key metrics that we 
K, 10-Qs, or other financial literature, visit our website at www.intc.com or call Intel at (408) 765-1480 (US); (44) 1793 403 000 (Europe); 
use to measure our business, some of which are non-GAAP measures. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within MD&A for an 
(852) 2844 4555 (Hong Kong); (81) 3 5223 9100 (Japan).
explanation of these measures and why management uses them and believes they provide investors with useful supplemental 
information. 
Direct stock purchase plan
Forward-Looking Statements
Fundamentals of Our Business
Intel's Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan allows stockholders to reinvest dividends and purchase Intel common 
stock on a weekly basis. For more information, contact Intel's transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., by phone at (800) 
Introduction to Our Business
298-0146 (US and Canada) or (312) 360-5123 (worldwide), or by e-mail though Computershare's website at www.computershare.com/
A Year in Review
contactus.
Our Strategy
Transfer agent and registrar
Our Capital
Page
2
8
6
4
Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 462 South 4th Street Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Our Products
US Stockholders may call (800) 298-0146 (US and Canada) or (312) 360-5123 (worldwide), or send e-mail through Computershare's 
website at www.computershare.com/contactus with any questions regarding the transfer of ownership of Intel stock.
How We Organize Our Business
19
18
Segment Trends and Results
Independent registered public accounting firm
Consolidated Results of Operations
Ernst & Young LLP, San Jose, California, US.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
20
37
42
Critical Accounting Estimates
About Intel
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) is an industry leader, creating world-changing technology that improves the life of every person on the planet. 
Other Key Information
Inspired by Moore’s Law, we continuously work to advance the design and manufacturing of semiconductors to help address our 
customers’ greatest challenges. By embedding intelligence in the cloud, network, edge and every kind of computing device, we unleash 
Sales and Marketing
four extraordinary technological capabilities that will fundamentally alter how people experience technology and interact with devices: AI, 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
pervasive connectivity, cloud to edge, and ubiquitous computing. To learn more about Intel’s innovations, go to 
newsroom.intel.com and intel.com.
Risk Factors
49
45
48
44
50
Properties
Corporate governance and corporate responsibility
Market for Our Common Stock
As a global technology and business leader, we are committed to doing the right things, the right way. The Intel Code of Conduct guides 
Information About Our Executive Officers
the actions of our employees, officers, non-employee directors, wholly owned subsidiaries, and suppliers, ensuring consistent and 
Availability of Company Information
uncompromising integrity as we build trusted relationships around the world. For more information about our corporate governance 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
practices, read our latest Proxy Statement or visit www.intel.com/governance.
67
64
64
66
66
Financial Statements and Supplemental Details
Our integrated approach to corporate responsibility and sustainability-built on a strong foundation of transparency, governance, and 
ethics-creates value for Intel and our stockholders by helping us mitigate risks, reduce costs, build brand value, and identify new market 
Auditor's Reports
opportunities. We set ambitious goals and make strategic investments to drive improvements in environmental sustainability, supply chain 
Consolidated Financial Statements
responsibility, diversity and inclusion, and social impact that benefit the environment and society. Intel's annual Corporate Responsibility 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Report outlines our strategic priorities and performance on a range of environmental, social, and governance factors. The report and 
supporting materials are available at www.intel.com/responsibility.
Key Terms
111
69
77
72
Controls and Procedures
Exhibits
114
115
Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index
The papers utilized in the production of this Annual Report are all certified for Forest Stewardship 
Council (FSC®) standards, which promote environmentally appropriate, socially beneficial and 
economically viable management of the world’s forests. This annual report was printed by DG3 North 
America. DG3’s facility uses exclusively vegetable based inks, 100% renewable wind energy and 
releases zero VOCs into the environment.
120
Intel, the Intel logo, Intel Inside, and the Intel Inside logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the US and/or other countries. © 2019 Intel 
Corporation. All rights reserved. 
*Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.  ♻ Printed on recycled paper using soy-based inks.
