
--- Page 2 ---
Letter From Your CEO
To our stockholders, customers, partners, and employees:
When I joined Intel at the age of 18, I could not have imagined
that I would one day have the honor of becoming CEO of this
iconic company. After a 30-year journey inspired by the
leadership of Gordon Moore, Robert Noyce, and Andy Grove,
and then a decade away, I have returned to Intel with great
excitement and passion to take on my dream job. For the last
eight years, I was CEO of VMware, where I had the privilege of
re-imagining an enterprise software pioneer and leading it to
new heights. I gained valuable insights along the way, but my
experience at Intel has always been foundational to my
thinking and close to my heart.
I take on this job humbled by the challenges and excited by
the limitless opportunities. Digital technology is transforming
the world at an accelerated pace, driven by what I call the four
key “superpowers”: cloud, mobility fueled by 5G, artificial
intelligence (AI) and machine learning, and the intelligent
edge. They are superpowers because each expands the
impact of the others and together, they are reshaping every
aspect of our lives and work. This goes straight to Intel’s
purpose and my own passion: creating technology that
touches and enriches the lives of every person on earth.
These superpowers are also reshaping the business of silicon
innovation. In this evolving landscape, Intel is the only
company that has the depth and breadth of intelligent silicon,
platform, software, architecture, design, manufacturing, and
scale that our customers need to capitalize on these
opportunities and fuel their next-generation innovations.
This was underscored in 2020 as Intel delivered another year
of record financial results, while navigating the impacts of a
global pandemic. This is a testament to my predecessor Bob
Swan’s leadership. He laid the foundation for the company’s
transformation in three key areas, including our expansion
beyond silicon to platforms as well as an evolution of the
integrated device manufacturer (IDM) model, setting the stage
for our new IDM 2.0 vision. He broadened our focus from
central processing units (CPUs) to a full portfolio of xPUs,
where CPUs remain the center of our business, but we also
now deliver graphics processing units (GPUs) and other
special-purpose accelerators for AI, machine learning, and 5G.
“Intel is the only company that has the
depth and breadth of intelligent silicon,
platform, software, architecture, design,
manufacturing, and scale that our
customers need to capitalize on these
opportunities and fuel their next-
generation innovations.”
Pat Gelsinger, Chief Executive Officer
While we are operating from a position of progress and
financial strength, we have a great deal of work ahead of us.
Since I returned to Intel, our customers, partners, and
employees have given me direct and honest feedback about
what Intel does well and where we must do better. They
continue to see Intel as essential to solving problems at scale,
safeguarding the technology infrastructure, and securing the
global semiconductor supply chain. They also know that we
must once again lead in execution and innovation, with a
predictable roadmap of leadership silicon.
I am confident that Intel can be the world’s leading
semiconductor company and set a course for a new era of
innovation and technological leadership in this landscape of
tremendous change. We may look different from our past in
many respects, but we will always remain dedicated to
excellence in engineering innovation and execution. I have
four priorities that will fortify our leadership position:
Be the leader in every category in which we compete.
We have a strong product roadmap that highlights the power
of integrated design and manufacturing to create truly
differentiated products. We are well-positioned to lead the
industry, building on our CPU leadership with a diverse xPU
portfolio and deep customer collaboration. But we must
move faster to outpace the competition where we are the
established leader, take share in adjacent segments where
they are strong, and learn and capitalize on new opportunities
more quickly with data and analysis driving decision making.
Execute flawlessly to our commitments. We must
demonstrate that customers can rely on Intel for their
products and their strategies for the future. We will continue
to ramp our portfolio on the Intel 10nm high-volume
manufacturing process in 2021 in Oregon, Arizona, and Israel.

--- Page 3 ---
We will deliver with quality and scale our Intel 7nm process
and invest in future manufacturing leadership. We will also
leverage our foundry and supplier ecosystem as part of our
agile IDM 2.0 model that customers can rely on for the
greatest innovations in the industry, delivered with agility and
at scale.
Passionately innovate with boldness and speed. We will be
a source of continuous innovation through world-leading
engineering, leading process technology, and research into
next-generation computing architectures. We will lead in new
chip designs and technologies that accelerate our customers’
high-value workloads in the cloud, at the edge, and on the
client. We will continue to pursue radical areas to innovate as
every aspect of the world and humanity comes online and
creates more opportunities for us to transform digital
technology. We must outpace anything our competitors—or
customers—can build.
Reignite our culture to attract and motivate the best
engineers and technologists on the planet. Intel must be
where the best talent in the world can fulfill their dreams,
contributing and inventing at a scale that touches the lives of
every person on earth. We need to untether our enormous
energy and potential for our business with a vibrant, inclusive,
and open culture. We need to bring back key aspects of the
“Grove-ian” discipline for direct, transparent, and data-driven
decisions and accountability. This will unlock enormous
energy and potential for our business.
“We will help solve the world’s
greatest challenges through deep
technical collaboration with our
customers, helping them transform
their industries with radical innovation
and leadership products.”
In addition to positioning Intel for success in a new era, these
priorities serve a higher purpose. We will help solve the
world’s greatest challenges through deep technical
collaboration with our customers, helping them transform
their industries with radical innovation and leadership
products. Along with customers, partners, governments, and
NGOs we will support smart policies that accelerate the
creation of safe and secure digital infrastructure, advanced
manufacturing, and a workforce of the future. We will work
with government partners to ensure the integrity and
resilience of our global supply chain, and ensure Intel is the
source and the enabler of U.S. technology leadership that
fuels a global ecosystem. And we will remain steadfast in our
commitment to achieve Intel’s 2030 global challenges
focused on positive impact in responsibility, inclusivity, and
sustainability.
I am thrilled to lead Intel during a critical time of change and
vast opportunity to shape the future of our industry and the
world. I look forward to working with our extraordinarily
talented Intel team and our industry partners around the
world to create and deliver leadership products, powerful
platforms, and breakthrough technologies to our customers
around the world.
I believe deeply in this company and the powerful future we
will create together. Our best days are in front of us.
Pat Gelsinger, CEO
Intel Corporation
March 2, 2021
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results to
differ are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section and throughout our 2020 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These risk factors are
subject to update by our future filings and submissions with the U.S. SEC. Forward-looking statements included in our 2020 Form 10-K are based
on management’s expectations as of January 21, 2021, and forward-looking statements in the CEO and Chairman letters are based on
expectations as of March 2, 2021. Intel disclaims any obligation to update these statements, except as required by law.

--- Page 4 ---
Letter From Your Chairman
2020 was a time of crisis and renewal for Intel, marked by the
global pandemic, economic disruption, calls for action on
social equity, devastating wildfires, and intense competition.
Intel employees met the challenges with extraordinary
energy, demonstrating again the resilience of the culture.
Thanks to their focus and diligence, Intel entered 2021 with a
renewed sense of purpose as well as a position of financial
and strategic strength.
Intel revenue for 2020, $77.9 billion, was the highest in the
company’s history. The company generated $35.4 billion in
cash from operations for the year and $21.1 billion in free
cash flow1. This brings cash from operations over the five
years ending in 2020 to a total of $141.9 billion and free cash
flow for this period to a total of $74.8 billion. Return on
average equity for the year was 26.4%, bringing the five-year
average to 22.8%. These results reflect the economic value of
Intel’s technology, strategy, and execution.
In technology companies, value creation begins with technical
innovation and the people who achieve it. When I joined the
Board of Directors, I was impressed by the scope and depth of
the technical talent at Intel. When I was an engineering
student, I had read about the groundbreaking work of Intel’s
founders and was inspired by how the technology they were
developing was changing the world. Years later, my
conversations with Intel employees give me confidence that
the potential for silicon technology remains enormous.
To realize this potential, the Board of Directors works with
management to review and approve business strategy,
exploring opportunities and risks. We oversee the allocation
of resources to execute the strategy and create value for the
owners and the various stakeholders and communities that
we serve. This process addresses investments in the
company’s internal capabilities, opportunities in external
investments, and the return of cash to owners.
Intel’s focus is to play a larger role in its customers’ success by
delivering a predictable cadence of leadership products.
Investments in central processing units, or CPUs, meet the
needs of customers and keep the core business vibrant. Intel is
also expanding its capabilities to provide multi-architectures,
or xPUs, to meet the needs of a growing range of customers
and applications in new markets. To ensure leadership, Intel
continues to invest in differentiated technologies, such as
artificial intelligence, advanced 5G networking technologies,
and intelligent, autonomous edge computing. In 2020 Intel
invested $13.6 billion in research and development.
Intel is one of the few semiconductor companies that relies
primarily on the integration of design and manufacturing.
Most of Intel’s products are designed by Intel’s engineers and
produced in Intel’s manufacturing facilities. Intel will continue
this integrated model to be able to provide new products with
significant cost, power, and performance advantages. The
technology and manufacturing organization, Intel’s largest
and once described by former CEO Andy Grove, as “the heart
and soul of Intel”—is a vital part of the company’s culture.
Omar Ishrak, Chairman of the Board
“Intel has visionary leadership who we
are confident will take the company to
new heights and set future directions
of technology for Intel and the
industry.”
The largest portion of Intel’s capital investments in 2020 was
directed to Intel’s factories and the highly sophisticated
production equipment inside them. Total capital investment
for the year was $14.3 billion. Since 2017 Intel has doubled
wafer volume capacity in its 14nm and 10nm process
technologies, and it is committed to delivering more
advanced technology.
To complement its strategic objectives and strengthen its
internal resources, Intel looks externally for potential
acquisition opportunities. A key example in 2020 was Intel’s
acquisition of Moovit, which accelerates the company’s
offering of Mobility as a Service, also known as MaaS, and
brings Mobileye closer to achieving its plan to become a
complete mobility provider, including robotaxi services. Intel
completed various other acquisitions in 2020 to expand its
product offerings and the markets it serves.
Intel also seeks to identify businesses that may no longer be
an optimal strategic fit. As part of this process, in 2020 the
company agreed to sell its NAND memory business to SK
hynix for $9 billion US dollars. Intel has retained its Intel®
Optane™ Technology, a memory technology built on a unique
architecture that the company believes will be important in
data center architectures. In 2020 Intel also divested the
majority of its Home Gateway Platform division.
1 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures within Management’s Discussion and Analysis and in this Annual Report
