
--- Page 3 ---
LETTER FROM YOUR CEO
When I stepped into the role of Intel CEO almost five years ago, this
company had a decision to make: protect the past or chart the future.
At the time, Intel’s core PC market was declining, but the explosion of
data brought on by the rise of smartphones and social media was
driving growth in cloud computing and paved our way forward.
Since that time, Intel has been undergoing one of the most significant
transformations in corporate history. We are evolving from a PC-
centric to a data-centric company, delivering products that play critical
roles in processing, storing, analyzing, and sharing data to enable
amazing new experiences and competitive advantages. Put simply,
Intel is building the foundation for technology’s data-driven future.
2017 was a year of outstanding progress in our transformation. We
delivered record revenue of $62.8 billion and strong growth in
operating income with solid execution and spending discipline. Few
companies can grow in the face of a declining core market. Between
2012 and 2017, PC unit volumes declined 25%, yet Intel revenue grew
more than $10 billion. It’s clear our strategy is working.
We are successfully keeping our PC business healthy and strong while
accelerating growth in the data center, Internet of Things, memory, and
programmable solutions. Collectively, Intel’s data-centric businesses
are growing in the mid-teens and approaching 50% of Intel’s total
revenue. The investments we’ve made in promising, data-driven
market opportunities like 5G communications, artificial intelligence,
and autonomous driving are starting to pay off.
In 2017, we acquired Mobileye to combine its leading computer vision and mapping technology with Intel’s high-performance
computing and connectivity to deliver automated driving solutions from the cloud to the car. This is already a winning
combination. Now an Intel company, Mobileye earned more customer designs in 2017 than in the prior year.
While 2017 was a financial high note for the company, I’m even more excited about Intel’s future. We are now competing for a
$260 billion total addressable market—the largest in Intel’s history. In some markets, Intel is the challenger, and winning will
require bold moves, smart trade-offs, and a growth mindset. In all markets, Intel will continue to operate responsibly and with the
integrity and transparency that has defined our culture.
This year Intel is celebrating a half century of innovation that has profoundly changed the world. Personal computing, the Internet,
and cloud computing would not be possible or pervasive without the invention of Intel® architecture and our relentless pursuit of
Moore’s Law. In 2018, we will continue making the world’s best silicon as we focus on executing to our strategy and meeting our
commitments to stockholders and customers.
In our 50th year, a new Intel is emerging. We are well-positioned to be the end-to-end platform provider for the new data world,
and a leader in artificial intelligence and the autonomous revolution. I could not be more proud to lead this company or more
optimistic about Intel’s future.
Brian M. Krzanich, Chief Executive Officer
Past performance does not guarantee future results. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results
to differ are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section and throughout our 2017 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These risk factors are subject to update by our future filings and
submissions with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and earnings releases.

--- Page 4 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 5 ---
LETTER FROM YOUR CHAIRMAN
Several years ago I told you in this letter that Intel was changing
to create more value for our owners. In 2017, Intel reported
significant progress toward this goal.
The Board of Directors is also evolving. We have worked to make
sure that collectively we have the appropriate skills and
backgrounds to be strong stewards in a dynamic industry. In the
past two years, as a part of Board refreshment, Intel has added
five new exceptional directors. They bring fresh perspectives and
a rich mix of depth in areas such as business strategy, technology,
innovation, global markets, compliance, and oversight. We
continue to look for people with diverse backgrounds to address
the challenges of today and tomorrow.
After reviewing the structure and independence of the Board, we
rotated almost all committee leaders, changed committee
assignments, and appointed a new independent Lead Director. At
the end of 2017, the Board had nine independent directors, who meet regularly as a group. Four of the Board’s five standing
committees are chaired by independent directors.
The Board continues to work closely with the CEO on business strategy and capital allocation, building on the company’s core
strengths and increasing investments in growing businesses and emerging technologies. Of Intel’s 2017 capital investment of
$11.8 billion, the largest amount was deployed for equipment and facilities to produce advanced silicon. The investment in logic
was roughly flat compared to 2016, while the investment in new memory technology grew significantly. With the purchase of
Mobileye for approximately $14.5 billion, Intel acquired some of the world’s most advanced technology in machine learning and
computer vision.
Intel’s investments in technology are long term. To assess their business value, my rule is to follow the cash. By this measure, the
returns on investments of prior years are evident in the 2017 financial results. Intel’s business generated record cash from
operations of $22.1 billion in 2017, and return on stockholders’ equity was 14%. For the past five years, cash from operations has
averaged $20.8 billion, while return on stockholders’ equity has averaged 18%.
Intel returned $8.7 billion in cash to stockholders in 2017. We paid $5.1 billion in dividends, with a dividend per share increase of
4% over 2016, and we announced a 10% increase in Intel’s dividend per share in 2018. We also repurchased $3.6 billion in
shares. Since 1990, the company has returned a cumulative $164 billion to stockholders through dividends and repurchases.
In 2018, Intel will mark its 50th anniversary, a milestone few companies celebrate. People often ask me how Intel has been able to
survive and grow. I think the answer is that the company has a history of adapting to change while staying true to core values. Intel
has always had a resilient culture that values innovation, optimism, and integrity. Thousands of employees, current and former,
have worked to keep that culture alive, and we are committed to continue doing this while creating value for our owners.
Andy D. Bryant, Chairman of the Board

--- Page 6 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 7 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
È ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 30, 2017.
or
‘ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from
to
.
Commission File Number 000-06217
INTEL CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization
2200 Mission College Boulevard, Santa Clara, California
(Address of principal executive offices)
94-1672743
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
95054-1549
(Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (408) 765-8080
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Common stock, $0.001 par value
Name of each exchange on which registered
The Nasdaq Global Select Market*
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes È No ‘
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ‘ No È
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes È No ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every interactive data file
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes È No ‘
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. È
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È Accelerated filer ‘
Smaller reporting company ‘ Emerging growth company ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ‘ No È
Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2017, based upon the
closing price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was $158.3 billion. 4,668 million shares of
common stock were outstanding as of February 7, 2018.
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement related to its 2018 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting to be filed subsequently are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant’s proxy statement shall not
be deemed to be part of this report.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHANGES TO OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
To improve readability and better present how we organize and manage our business, we have changed the order and
presentation of content in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K). See “Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index” within the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Details for a cross-reference index to the traditional U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) Form 10-K format.
We have included key metrics that we use to measure our business, some of which are non-GAAP measures. See these
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” within Other Key Information.
FUNDAMENTALS OF OUR BUSINESS
OTHER KEY INFORMATION
3 Business Introduction
4 A Year in Review
6 How We Organize Our Business
7 Capital Allocation
8 Our Strategy
41 Stock Performance Graph
42 Selected Financial Data
43 Sales and Marketing
44 Competition
45 Intellectual Property Rights and Licensing
10 Research and Development (R&D) and Manufacturing
46 Critical Accounting Estimates
12 Who Manages Our Business
13 Human Capital
46 Risk Factors
54 Non-GAAP Financial Measures
14 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
55 Properties
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (MD&A) -
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
15 Overview
16 Revenue, Gross Margin, and Operating Expenses
Business Unit Trends and Results
Client Computing Group (CCG)
Data Center Group (DCG)
Internet of Things Group (IOTG)
19
22
25
28
31
56 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity
56 Availability of Company Information
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTAL DETAILS
57 Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Details
58 Auditor’s Report
60 Consolidated Financial Statements
65 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG)
108 Financial Information by Quarter
Programmable Solutions Group (PSG)
109 Controls and Procedures
34 Other Consolidated Results of Operations
110 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
35 Liquidity and Capital Resources
38 Contractual Obligations
39 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
116 Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index
