
--- Page 7 ---
We are responsible to our employees, the men and 
Our four Johnson & Johnson Innovation Centers,  
women who work with us throughout the world…
which are located in major science and technology hubs 
Caring for the world one person at a time unites and 
in London, Boston, La Jolla and Shanghai, have kept us  
inspires the people of Johnson & Johnson. That includes 
at the forefront of new ideas and scientific breakthroughs.
our approximately 126,500 employees around the globe 
JLABS, our “no strings attached” incubators, is 
who lead the way in managing their own health and 
stimulating a total innovation ecosystem by helping young 
wellness.  Our employee programs are at the forefront of 
companies with pioneering ideas get off the ground. 
all industries, and we have decades of research that proves 
a healthy company is a more productive and profitable 
Our final responsibility is to our shareholders… 
company. In the U.S., our health and wellness programs 
When we operate according to these principles,  
have helped our employees reduce their risk factors on 
the stockholders should realize a fair return…
key health measures to less than half that of the country’s 
It is gratifying that our shareholders have supported 
general population. This includes areas such as smoking, 
us through the years as we have built our worldwide 
high blood pressure, high cholesterol and inactivity.
business and have extended our reach to improve the 
Employee engagement at Johnson & Johnson is also at 
an all-time high and continues to be measured at rates 
In 2014, our strong performance enabled us to meet  
well above external benchmarks. We met our talent and 
our commitments to you, the shareholder. 
lives of people everywhere. 
engagement objectives for 2015, retained key talent, 
strengthened the talent pipeline and improved employee 
engagement and reputational standings, as measured  
by Our Credo survey of all employees.
We are responsible to the communities in which we 
live and work and to the world community as well…
Our commitment to transforming the lives of patients  
and communities includes our contributions of about  
$1 billion in products and cash last year in support of 
over 500 programs that address major health-related 
issues in local communities in more than 50 countries 
around the world.
We also made great progress toward our Healthy Future 
2015 citizenship and sustainability goals, including efforts 
in global health, the environment, and responsible and 
transparent business practices.
We must experiment with new ideas…
Our research and development productivity is leading  
the industry, and our approach is designed to ensure  
we continue to lead. Last year, we invested an industry- 
leading $8.5 billion, and also executed more than  
100 strategic partnerships, licenses and acquisitions 
across our Pharmaceutical, Medical Devices and 
52 
consecutive years of 
dividend increases
31consecutive years of 
of adjusted earnings 
‡
increases
AAA 1 of 3 industrial 
companies to hold 
a AAA credit rating
70 %
of our sales come from 
the #1 or #2 global 
market share position 
24brands and platforms 
that generate over $1 
billion in sales apiece 
Consumer segments. 
‡Non-GAAP measure, excludes special items
O U R   C R E D O   I N   A C T I O N   •   V
 

--- Page 8 ---
2014 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
2014 was a strong year for Johnson & Johnson, as we delivered solid financial results  
while continuing to make investments to accelerate growth for the long term. We have  
built significant momentum in our Pharmaceutical business, are realizing the benefits  
of innovation, scale and breadth in our Medical Devices business and are continuing our  
market leadership with iconic brands in our Consumer business. We’ve achieved our  
near-term priorities, exceeding our financial targets with full-year operational* sales growth 
of 6.1 percent. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, on an operational 
basis, worldwide sales increased 8.0 percent.†
PHARMACEUTICALS
(golimumab) and REMICADE® (infliximab), biologics 
Worldwide Pharmaceutical sales of $32.3 billion for  
approved for the treatment of a number of immune-
the full-year 2014 represented operational growth of  
mediated inflammatory diseases.
16.5 percent. With 14 new medicines launched since 
2009, our Pharmaceutical segment is the fastest  
When it comes to innovation and ensuring we have 
growing of the top 10 pharmaceutical businesses in  
continuous access to new ideas and products at their 
the U.S., Europe and Japan**, and our medicines are 
earliest stages, we expect the best science to prevail 
making a dramatic impact.
regardless of whether that comes from sources inside 
or outside of Johnson & Johnson. In 2014, we made 
The strong sales results were driven by new products  
two significant acquisitions to add to our innovation 
and the strength of our core products. New products 
include OLYSIO®/SOVRIAD® (simeprevir), for 
combination treatment of chronic hepatitis C in adult 
patients; XARELTO® (rivaroxaban), an oral anticoagulant; 
ZYTIGA® (abiraterone acetate), an oral, once-daily 
medication for use in combination with prednisone for 
the treatment of metastatic, castration-resistant prostate 
cancer; INVOKANA® (canagliflozin), for the treatment of 
adults with type 2 diabetes; and IMBRUVICA® (ibrutinib), 
portfolio: Alios BioPharma, Inc., a privately-held clinical 
stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing 
therapies for viral diseases; and Covagen AG, a privately-
held biopharmaceutical company specializing in the 
development of multispecific protein therapeutics through 
the FynomAb® technology platform. 
MEDICAL DEVICES
Worldwide Medical Devices sales of $27.5 billion for the 
an oral, once-daily therapy approved for use in treating 
full-year 2014 represented an operational decrease of 
certain B-cell malignancies, or blood cancers.
1.6 percent. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and 
Additional contributors to operational sales growth were 
STELARA® (ustekinumab), a biologic approved for the 
divestitures, on an operational basis, worldwide sales 
increased 1.6 percent.†
treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and 
psoriatic arthritis; INVEGA® SUSTENNA®/XEPLION® 
The Medical Devices business holds a strong leadership 
position in the industry, including 10 platforms with more 
(paliperidone palmitate), a once-monthly, long-acting, 
than $1 billion in sales. We’ve launched over 50 major 
injectable atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of 
schizophrenia in adults; SIMPONI®/SIMPONI ARIA® 
new products since 2012, and have more than 30 major 
new filings planned by the end of 2016.
V I   •   2 0 1 4   B U S I N E S S   H I G H L I G H T S

--- Page 9 ---
Primary contributors to operational growth were our broad 
portfolio of Orthopaedic products; Biosense Webster’s 
electrophysiology products in the Cardiovascular Care 
business; and biosurgicals and international sales of 
During the year, we launched several new products 
including Women’s ROGAINE®, ZYRTEC® dissolve tabs 
and several new formulations of LISTERINE®, and  
re-launched brands such as TYLENOL® PM. Our  
energy products in the Specialty Surgery business. 
insight-driven innovation in the Consumer business is 
Sales results in the Vision Care and U.S. Diabetes Care 
focused on addressing key consumer need states, led 
businesses were negatively impacted by competitive 
by our 12 megabrands, with 20 new product launches 
pricing dynamics.
planned for 2015. 
Key approvals and launches during the year include 
CITIZENSHIP & SUSTAINABILITY
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval 
for the Animas® Vibe™ insulin pump and Continuous 
Managing our social, environmental and economic 
impacts locally and globally is an important responsibility. 
Glucose Monitoring system for the management of 
Our Citizenship & Sustainability strategic priorities focus 
insulin-requiring diabetes in adults ages 18 and older; 
the INCRAFT® AAA Stent Graft System was approved 
our efforts to advance global health, help to safeguard 
the planet, and lead a dynamic and growing business 
and launched for treatment of abdominal aortic 
responsibly. 
aneurysms (AAA) in Europe and Canada; the SABER™ 
PTA Dilatation Catheter for the treatment of patients 
We have continued to make progress toward our Healthy 
with Peripheral Arterial Disease received FDA and 
Future 2015 goals, including leveraging our research and 
European Commission approval; and the FDA approved 
the THERMOCOOL® SMARTTOUCH® Catheter for 
development, and our ability to innovate and collaborate 
to find solutions for global health issues. In response to 
treatment of patients suffering from drug-resistant 
the Ebola crisis, in collaboration with the U.S. National 
paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. 
Institutes of Health and Bavarian Nordic A/S, we 
On June 30, 2014, the Company completed the 
TB Partnership’s Global Drug Facility and with USAID 
divestiture of its Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics business  
we are expanding access to our multidrug-resistant 
to The Carlyle Group for approximately $4 billion.
tuberculosis compound, SIRTURO™. We have expanded 
committed to accelerate our vaccine program. With Stop 
CONSUMER 
our collaboration with the International Partnership for 
Microbicides for development and commercialization of 
Worldwide Consumer sales of $14.5 billion for the full-
dapivirine, for prevention of sexual transmission of HIV, 
year 2014 represented an operational increase of 1.0 
and we are working with Viiv Healthcare to develop a 
percent. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and 
two-drug single tablet regimen for maintenance treatment 
divestitures, on an operational basis, worldwide sales 
increased 2.8 percent.†
of people living with HIV. 
Positive contributors to operational results were sales 
of TYLENOL® and MOTRIN® analgesics and ZYRTEC® 
allergy over-the-counter products; AVEENO® and 
NEUTROGENA® skin care products; and LISTERINE® 
oral care products.
Our legacy of care for the environment and protection 
of natural resources continues. We are working to 
reduce our energy consumption while increasing the 
proportion of energy we use from renewable sources, 
thereby reducing our carbon dioxide emissions. We 
continue to look for ways to reduce water consumption 
2 0 1 4   B U S I N E S S   H I G H L I G H T S   •   V I I

--- Page 10 ---
2014 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
and waste production throughout our products’ lifecycles. 
health of women and children include our work in support 
For example, we continue to integrate and expand 
our EARTHWARDS® approach to drive continuous 
of the Millennium Development Goals. In addition, in 2014 
we expanded programs using mobile technology as a 
sustainability improvements and innovation across  
way to disperse health information to new and expectant 
our businesses. To date, more than 73 products have 
gained EARTHWARDS® recognition, ahead of our  
mothers in South Africa and India and announced a 
global partnership with Save the Children that has 
2015 goal.
the potential to help improve the survival and healthy 
development of millions of children under age 5 over  
We remain committed to enhanced transparency and 
the next three years.  
engagements with stakeholders that serve to improve the 
health of patients and drive improved clinical outcomes. 
Our commitment to transforming the lives of patients  
We announced an extended agreement with the Yale 
and communities includes our contributions of 
Open Data Access (YODA) Project to provide access to 
approximately $1 billion in products and cash last year  
clinical trial data for pharmaceutical and medical device 
in support of over 500 programs that address major 
products, setting new industry standards by being the first 
health-related issues in local communities in more than 
company to do so. Our ongoing efforts to improve the 
50 countries around the world.
  †  Non-GAAP measure. See “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” on pages 70 and 71 of this Annual Report.
  *  Operational measures exclude the impact of currency translation.
 **  IMS MIDAS data as of Q3 2014 (growth versus previous year (moving annual total) in local currency dollars)
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Chairman’s Letter and Business Highlights section contain forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, business 
strategy, performance and expectations for product development. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these statements and should 
review the section “Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results” on page 19 of this Annual Report for important information 
about these statements, including the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from the 
assumptions, expectations, and projections expressed in any forward-looking statements. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
V I I I   •   2 0 1 4   B U S I N E S S   H I G H L I G H T S

--- Page 11 ---
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
Organization and Business Segments
Results of Operations
Analysis of Sales by Business Segments
Analysis of Consolidated Earnings Before Provision for Taxes on Income
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Other Information
Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
SUPPORTING SCHEDULES
Summary of Operations and Statistical Data 2004 – 2014
Shareholder Return Performance Graphs
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
2
3
4
8
11
13
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
66
67
68
69
70
Johnson & Johnson 2014 Annual Report • 1
