
--- Page 3 ---
March 2022
To Our Shareholders
In my time at the helm of Johnson & Johnson, it has 
been my privilege to write ten letters such as this 
one to you—our valued partners. As I reflect on my 
last year serving as the CEO of this great company, 
the world faces uncertainty in so many aspects of 
our society and global economy—but there is still a 
great deal of hope for the future. This hope is rooted 
in the collective purpose and lived experiences of 
recent years that have created an unprecedented 
momentum behind four ideas that I believe will—and 
indeed, must—propel us onward in creating a better 
tomorrow.
At the most fundamental level, these ideas could 
be characterized as lessons imparted by living 
and leading through a global pandemic. But it’s no 
coincidence that each one closely reflects the Credo 
values that have set Johnson & Johnson apart from 
our earliest days—and I feel great certainty that they 
are the lodestars for charting both the best course 
for our company, and the healthiest possible future 
for humanity. 
First, science has unlimited potential to 
change lives—but we must continue to 
prioritize innovation.
I consider myself incredibly fortunate to have led 
Johnson & Johnson during a decade-long period that 
encompassed astonishing advancements in human 
health. The unlocking of the human genetic code and 
development of cell therapy, continued advances in 
digitization across the spectrum of healthcare, and 
rapid progress in data science have opened up a new 
world of therapies for even the most rare and hard-
to-treat diseases. 
Alex Gorsky
Executive Chairman
None of us would ever have guessed that a humble 
but ruthlessly infectious respiratory virus would 
be the reason our society would finally come 
to understand the full potential for science and 
innovation to transform lives. But after two-plus 
years of fighting COVID-19…here we are. For 
scientists at Johnson & Johnson and across our 
industry, the pandemic was a once-in-a-generation 
convergence of opportunities and challenges—and 
they delivered.
Working in double shifts seven days a week for 
more than a year, our colleagues at Janssen 
developed a safe, effective vaccine that we chose 
to provide to the world on a not-for-profit basis for 
emergency pandemic use. In addition to offering 
Chairman’s Letter
1

--- Page 4 ---
strong and lasting protection against COVID-19, our 
vaccine is easy to use, distribute, and administer—
characteristics that allow our regimen to play a 
uniquely critical role in the overall global response 
to the pandemic. Thanks to this unprecedented 
collective effort spanning healthcare systems, 
industries, and governments all around the world, 
more than 4 billion people are now fully vaccinated 
against COVID-19—and the tide has finally turned 
against this virus that upended life as we knew it.
In our industry, impact can and must always be 
quantified in numbers—and there are plenty of them 
to be found in this Annual Report. However, the one 
that stands out most to me in 2021 is not a sales 
figure or market share. It’s our record investment of 
$14.7 billion in Research and Development—a 21% 
increase over our previous all-time-high investment 
in 2020.
R&D isn’t just the foundation of growth for our 
company—it’s the engine driving scientific progress 
in creating a healthier world. Johnson & Johnson 
has made an investment in innovation every year 
since 1886. And in doing so, every year we have 
taken on the responsibility of defining what we think 
healthcare can accomplish next.
Forward-looking investments made years or 
even decades ago were the seeds for successful 
innovations that flowered across all our segments in 
2021.
(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3)Our world-class Pharmaceutical scientists advanced 
exciting new medicines for some of the hardest-to-
treat diseases, receiving FDA approval for two new 
products: RYBREVANT™ (amivantamab-vmjw), 
the first targeted treatment for patients with non-
small cell lung cancer with EGFR exon 20 insertion 
mutations, and PONVORY™ (ponesimod) to treat 
adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. 
We reached more patients who can benefit from 
our marketed medicines through approvals for 
additional indications, new formulations, and 
combination therapies. And we continued to 
advance key pipeline programs such as our BCMA-
directed CAR-T cell therapy program and our entry 
into gene therapy with a focus on retinal diseases.
(cid:374)    In our Medical Devices business, our push into 
the digital space gained traction in exciting ways. 
At the beginning of the year, we received 510(k) 
2
Chairman’s Letter
FDA clearance for the VELYS™ Robotic-Assisted 
Solution for use with the ATTUNE® Total Knee 
System—creating an opportunity for surgeons 
to simplify their existing workflows on a common 
orthopedic surgery. The MONARCH® platform, 
our first-of-its-kind robotic bronchoscopy 
technology, also saw more than 10,000 
procedures performed in 2021.
(cid:374)    Just as impressive as the launch of more than 
400 new Consumer Health products last year 
was the way the segment’s employees prioritized 
the health of our planet through innovation. 
Brands leading the way in these efforts included 
NEUTROGENA®, which launched the first makeup 
wipes to be made of 100 percent plant-based, 
home-compostable fibers, and LISTERINE®, which 
introduced new bottles containing up to 50% 
recycled plastic in key markets.
The resources we are allocating to R&D now are 
what will help us move even more quickly in creating 
increasingly personalized medicines, advancing 
robotic surgery, deploying artificial intelligence, and 
leveraging data in ways that will benefit the patients, 
consumers, and families we serve for many years to 
come.
To truly impact health outcomes, innovation 
investments must also be made outside of just R&D. 
Investment in data science and digital business 
enablement is propelling us into a future of remote 
clinical trials, automated patient recruitment, and 
innovative digitized models for end-to-end supply 
chain planning. Enabling new digital care models 
to meet people where they are and provide tech-
forward resources to support disease management 
or personal health will make the future brighter and 
more interconnected—and we must stay ahead of 
the curve.
Second, public health is everyone’s 
business.
One of the biggest revelations of the past few 
years has become a bit of a cliché—but no less of 
a fundamental truth: None of us are safe unless all 
of us are safe. Times of crisis have highlighted the 
interconnectedness of health systems around the 
world and the urgent necessity of investing in public 
health infrastructure to put quality care within the 
reach of everyone.

--- Page 5 ---
I’m incredibly proud of all the work Johnson & 
Johnson does across our extensive Global Public 
Health portfolio. When it comes to our Janssen 
COVID-19 vaccine, approximately 70% of our global 
vaccine supply was made available to low- and 
middle-income countries in 2021—and our company 
will continue to focus on vaccine access in those 
countries where people are in the greatest need 
going forward.
This work also includes numerous initiatives that 
don’t necessarily make front page headlines, but 
unquestionably make a huge impact in advancing our 
long-standing mission to create a healthier and more 
equitable world.
Throughout 2021, Johnson & Johnson made it 
a priority to maintain hard-won gains against 
intractable public health challenges by ensuring 
continuity of access to critical medicines and 
supporting community-based care. One example 
I think demonstrates the depth of both our 
commitment and our ambitions in this area: Not 
only did we deliver nearly 140,000 courses of our 
multidrug-resistant tuberculosis medicine (MDR-
TB) to patients in need around the world, we forged 
ahead with launching five initiatives aimed at helping 
to find the “missing” patients who go undiagnosed 
every year.
It’s also important to note that an important 
component of our work to advance better health 
for all is taking place in our own backyard. In 2020, 
Johnson & Johnson launched Our Race to Health 
Equity—a $100 million pledge to address systemic 
inequalities in care that plague communities of color 
in the United States. In 2021, Johnson & Johnson 
began using this funding as a catalyst to drive 
change, collaboration, and innovation in embedding 
health equity into healthcare.
Initiatives included scholarships and mentoring 
programs with partners including the National 
Medical Foundation, National Association of 
Community Health Workers, and universities across 
the United States; investment support of early-
stage innovators working to advance solutions for 
a range of health disparities through Johnson & 
Johnson Innovation and JLabs; and a J&J Impact 
Ventures partnership with Village Capital to launch 
a new accelerator focused specifically on culturally 
competent care.
It is now beyond question that we all suffer when 
public health suffers—and that we all stand to 
benefit from greater attention to and investment 
in global health programs and systems. As the 
world’s largest healthcare company, Johnson & 
Johnson will continue to lead the way—and invite 
other companies, industries, governments, and 
international institutions to join us on that path.
Third, we must embrace a new era of 
collaboration and partnership.
While I continue to believe that competitive markets 
bring out the best in both companies and individuals, 
collaboration can provide an exponential multiplier 
for good when we face the most difficult common 
challenges.
During the past few years, governments and 
regulators, private companies, and esteemed 
academics have all partnered together in 
unprecedented ways to deliver results at a speed 
and scale never before seen in our history—and this 
openness to new thinking is the critical element that 
must be carried into the future.
We will all need to continue evolving our shared 
definition of partnership if we hope to lead through 
the complexity of the coming decades and the 
increasingly interconnected nature of the issues we 
face.
Take, for example, what we (and so many others) 
have learned over the past few years about the 
importance of having a global supply chain that 
maximizes more than just efficiency. Resilience and 
flexibility have turned out to be just as crucial when 
it comes to developing the best possible network of 
suppliers, manufacturers, and other partners capable 
of meeting unexpected challenges and ensuring 
that patients in every corner of the world have 
uninterrupted access to our lifesaving medicines and 
essential products.
Just as this physical supply chain must evolve, it’s 
also imperative that we create a robust and resilient 
Chairman’s Letter
3

--- Page 6 ---
They come from virtually every country in the world, 
bringing a vast range of skills in every discipline, 
as well as the richness of their own unique lived 
experiences. The two main things members of this 
diverse group seem to have in common: a passion 
for finding new ways to do what’s right, and an 
unwavering dedication to our shared mission.
Over the course of my career, I have seen the 
corrosive effect of uncertainty on organizations 
and individuals alike. But it cannot overcome the 
moral power of purpose—that innate and clearly 
understood sense of direction for our work and 
our lives that creates resilience in response to the 
greatest challenges.
Even in the most discouraging moments of the 
last year, the resilience of my colleagues has been 
a constant source of inspiration to me—from 
the medical professionals in our ranks who took 
advantage of our paid leave program to serve on 
the front lines of care during times of strain on their 
local hospitals, to the scientists who took turns 
working day and night shifts to advance our vaccine 
development while balancing their roles as mothers 
and fathers, to our own front line of supply chain 
employees who never stopped coming to work so 
we could deliver our most important medicines and 
products.
In challenging times, they have been living proof of 
the great power of purpose—demonstrating through 
their actions how a spirit of “we can do this” evolves 
into “we can do anything.”
Throughout my tenure as CEO of Johnson & 
Johnson, I have often expressed that healthcare is 
one of society’s most pressing needs. This urgency 
is why our 140,000 associates have always come to 
work each day guided by their collective purpose. 
And it’s this purpose that will both continue to 
guide Johnson & Johnson into the next decade and 
drive me to continue doing whatever I can to make 
a difference when it comes to addressing the most 
pressing needs of our world—in healthcare and 
beyond.
global supply chain of knowledge. The more data 
and insights we share within our own business and 
across our industry, the better we will be able to 
both respond to future challenges and catalyze 
groundbreaking innovation.
In healthcare, we often talk about interoperability—
the ability of different devices in a healthcare system 
to share data and optimize patient outcomes. We need 
to lift that concept up to the highest level, enabling 
our partners with knowledge that they can leverage—
and in turn share their findings back with us.
The tremendous potential in these relationships is 
clear to me because they have been a part of our 
business culture at Johnson & Johnson for many 
years. I consider it a key accomplishment of my 
tenure as CEO that Johnson & Johnson has become 
increasingly agnostic about the provenance of 
the best ideas. Whether from internal or external 
sources, through partnership or acquisition—we 
want to drive those ideas forward for the same 
reason we do everything: to create healthier, happier, 
longer lives for people everywhere.
The radical openness to collaboration that was so 
instrumental in recent years must not be allowed 
to recede when times of crisis are behind us. It 
must spread across our own and other industries, 
so we can continue to rapidly learn from and with 
each other. To me, this will be an important step in 
achieving true stakeholder capitalism.
Fourth, never underestimate the combined 
power of purpose and resilience.
The trials all of us have faced over the last two years 
have motivated individuals, families, communities, 
and companies alike to reconsider their values and 
goals. We know that a new generation of employees 
want to clearly understand the meaning of their work 
and the importance of their own contribution to it.
In these letters over the last decade, I’ve probably 
used up every possible superlative in describing the 
talent and dedication of our 140,000-plus colleagues 
around the world and what an honor it is to lead 
them. Healthcare attracts a special kind of person 
who wants to make a difference in their career by 
providing meaningful service to others and I believe 
Johnson & Johnson continues to get the very best of 
the best.
4
Chairman’s Letter

--- Page 7 ---
In Conclusion
In 2021, it became clear that skillful, adrenaline-
fueled crisis management wasn’t what enabled us 
to continue serving the patients and consumers who 
have depended on us throughout the pandemic. On 
the contrary, all our accomplishments in this unique 
moment have been deeply rooted in the commitment 
to Our Credo that has set Johnson & Johnson apart 
for well over a century.
It feels only fitting that when I showed up to 
interview for an entry-level job as a sales rep at 
Janssen back in 1988, the first question I was asked 
was about Our Credo—that living document that 
would go on to guide me through times of both 
triumph and doubt for more than three decades.
General Robert Wood Johnson’s vision from 1943 of 
how corporations could be a force for good in the 
world has never been more relevant—or necessary—
than it is today. I like to think he would be pleased by 
how our 140,000-plus associates around the globe 
have honored our commitments to the people and 
communities we serve throughout the pandemic and 
beyond. I know I couldn’t be more proud of all the 
ways they are showing the world what it looks like to 
change the trajectory of health for humanity in real 
time.
Serving as CEO of this incredible company for the 
past ten years has been the great honor of my life. I 
couldn’t have asked for a better opportunity to make 
an impact on the world than through the work we do 
at Johnson & Johnson. And I can’t wait to see what 
our company accomplishes by continuing to push the 
boundaries of these ideas in new ways that propel us 
further along the journey to a healthier future for all.
Sincerely,
Alex Gorsky
Executive Chairman 
Johnson & Johnson 
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This letter contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, future operating and financial performance,
product development, market position and business strategy. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these statements, which 
are based on current expectations of future events. For important information about these statements, including the risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from the assumptions, expectations and 
projections expressed in any forward-looking statements, the reader should review the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended January 2, 2022, including in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements”
and “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new 
information or future events or developments.
Chairman’s Letter
5
