
--- Page 3 ---
MARCH 2023
Dear Shareholders,
2022 was a year of achievement and
evolution for Johnson & Johnson.
We delivered solid financial performance and enhanced
value for our shareholders. We made progress in
two significant undertakings: preparing Johnson & 
Johnson to operate as a faster, more focused two-
sector company, and initiating the separation of our
Consumer Health business, Kenvue. We did all of this 
in a year when every industry felt the effects of high
inflation, geopolitical tension, and continued supply
chain disruption.
Times like these remind me how privileged I am to
lead Johnson & Johnson as the eighth Chairman 
and CEO in our history. Our company has navigated 
through many economic cycles while addressing 
healthcare’s most important unmet needs for 137 
years. Over that time, we have learned how to make
decisions for the long-term.
Our deep commitment to Our Credo values,
and determination to use our size for good, have
long made us a global leader in health. Focusing on 
patient and customer needs reinforces our sense
of purpose and urgency. Thanks to the 150,000 
employees who embody these ideals—and the 
breadth and diversification of our business—2022
was a successful year.
Performance and Priorities
In 2022, we achieved full-year operational sales
growth of more than 6%*. Adjusted net earnings
were $27 billion* and adjusted diluted net earnings
per share were $10.15*, representing increases of 
3.2% and 3.6% respectively, compared to 2021. On
an operational basis, adjusted diluted net earnings per
share increased by 9.2%*.
We invested nearly $15 billion in R&D, deployed
more than $17 billion toward acquisitions, increased
our dividend for the 60th consecutive year, and
returned capital to shareholders through our share 
repurchase program.
Joaquin Duato
Chairman and CEO
Our total shareholder return (TSR) for 2022
outperformed both our Competitor Composite 
and the S&P 500, contributing to our TSR of nearly
13% compounded annual growth rate over the last 
ten years. This significant value creation was made 
possible by both our long-term strategic focus
and outstanding execution from teams in all three 
segments of our business.
MEDTECH
We performed in line or ahead of our competitive 
composite for the past two years. Growth was driven
by our focused commercial strategies, the successful 
launch of differentiated products, and improvements in 
global procedure recovery.
•   We delivered on our innovation agenda by
accelerating the cadence of new products and
significantly enhancing our MedTech pipeline, which 
included more than 20 programs with over $100
million of net present value potential in 2022.
•   MedTech delivered operational sales growth* across
all businesses in 2022: Orthopaedics, Surgery,
Interventional Solutions, and Vision.
•   The acquisition of Abiomed positions us as the global
leader in heart recovery, immediately enhances our
MedTech revenue growth, and further diversifies our
portfolio (which now includes 12 priority platforms with
over $1 billion in annual revenue).
Chairman’s Letter
1

--- Page 4 ---
PHARMACEUTICAL
We strengthened our position as a leading
pharmaceutical company by delivering our 11th 
consecutive year of above-market adjusted 
operational sales growth, excluding our
COVID-19 vaccine.
•   Our growth was driven by several of our oncology 
and immunology medicines, including DARZALEX,
ERLEADA, STELARA, and TREMFYA.
•   We continue to investigate new indications and 
transformative regimens to reach even more
patients, including DARZALEX in front-line multiple
myeloma, ERLEADA in early-stage prostate cancer,
TREMFYA in Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis, and
RYBREVANT in combination with lazertinib in front-line,
non-small-cell lung cancer with EGFR mutations.
•   Investment in our pipeline further strengthened our
portfolio of multiple myeloma medicines. In addition
to the launches of CARVYKTI, our first cell therapy, 
and TECVAYLI, a first-in-class bispecific antibody, we
submitted a BLA for talquetamab, an investigational, 
off-the-shelf bispecific antibody.
CONSUMER HEALTH
We made significant strides toward the separation of
the business into an independent company while also 
delivering solid performance for the year.
•   We rolled out the Kenvue name and brand, reflective of 
both Johnson & Johnson’s storied history and Kenvue’s 
bright future as a standalone organization. 
•   We appointed leadership, including Thibaut Mongon as
CEO Designate, Paul Ruh as CFO Designate, and Larry
Merlo, former Chairman and CEO of CVS, as Non-
Executive Chair Designate of Kenvue.
•   Starting in 2023, we began operating our consumer 
business as a company within a company. Earlier this 
year, Kenvue filed a Form S-1 with the SEC, giving us 
the option to pursue an IPO as a potential step in the
separation, and we remain on track to complete the 
process during 2023.
We know that to have the greatest impact on patients, 
we must continue prioritizing the most promising
opportunities. Our ongoing emphasis on building
digital capabilities, including AI, data science, and 
intelligent automation, will fuel the next wave of 
innovation at the intersection of science and technology.
2
Chairman’s Letter
Delivering for the world
$52 million 
committed to programs
focused on closing
the racial health gap
as part of Our Race to
Health Equity initiative,
with investments in
community health
centers, health
literacy education,
and increasing racial
diversity in the
healthcare talent
pipeline and workforce
10 African
countries
where a $15 million
commitment from the
Johnson & Johnson
Foundation to the Africa
Frontline First Catalytic
Fund is providing
support to community 
health workers
2.2 billion
doses of VERMOX
donated since 2006 to
facilitate treatment of
intestinal worms
#2 rank
in the Access to
Medicine Index,
reflecting our decades-
long strategy to
maximize access to our
innovative medicines
and technologies
$5+ billion
global impact spend 
with small and 
diverse suppliers
5 consecutive
years 
of recognition with
a CDP A-List rating 
for our leadership in 
climate action
12 weeks
of paid parental leave
for qualified Johnson 
& Johnson employees
around the world
100%
renewable
electricity
secured for our
operations in Brazil
through a Direct
Power Purchase
Agreement 
starting in 2023

--- Page 5 ---
Delivering for investors
60 straight years
of increased dividends
3 number of 
companies
in the world with a AAA 
credit rating, including
Johnson & Johnson
$14.6 billion
invested in R&D
$17.7 billion
invested in mergers 
and acquisitions
29
brands and platforms 
with more than $1 billion 
in sales in 2022
#1 rank
on Fortune’s Most Admired
Companies list for the 
Pharmaceutical industry
~65%
of 10-year free cash flow* 
returned to shareholders
* Cash flow from operating activities less
additions to property plant and equipment
The Opportunity and Responsibility to Lead
As I met with customers, partners, government officials,
and employees around the world during my first year 
as CEO, I was constantly reminded of what the world 
expects from us. We are a partner of choice. People 
depend on us to deliver, and they want us to succeed. 
Johnson & Johnson is held in the highest regard and 
held to the highest standards—as we should be. This 
affirms our purpose and motivates us every day. 
These standards were set in no small part by my 
predecessor, Alex Gorsky. I am deeply honored to 
serve as Chairman and CEO following his retirement.
Alex laid a strong foundation for the future, anchored in
the people of Johnson & Johnson. They have always
been our greatest strength, and their commitment to
Our Credo fills me with confidence and inspiration
every day. 
2023 will be one of the most important years in our
history—a new chapter not just for one, but two leading
global companies. Johnson & Johnson is uniquely 
positioned to lead our industry through a fast-moving 
healthcare landscape.
As the world evolves, Johnson & Johnson will evolve
ahead of it. We know we can do this because we’ve
done it so many times before. Putting patients at the 
center of all that we do keeps us looking forward and 
open to opportunity.
We have achieved success for more than a century 
by staying true to our mission of serving patients
and families, doctors and nurses, our employees and 
communities, and all others who depend on us. We 
have so much more we can do for the world, and 
there’s no time to waste.
Sincerely,
Joaquin Duato
Chairman and CEO
*Non-GAAP Measures: Operational sales growth excludes the effect of translational currency. Adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share excludes
special items and intangible asset amortization expense. Adjusted operational net earnings per share excludes special items, intangible asset amortization expense
and the effect of translational currency. See Non-GAAP reconciliation in this Annual Report.
Chairman’s Letter
3
