
--- Page 5 ---
Our broad base across health care and
strong global footprint also gives us unique 
insight and opportunities to work with
INVESTING FOR LONG-TERM 
GROWTH
In the same way that we are driven to 
governments and health care systems
save and improve lives, we have a very 
around the world to inﬂuence investments
clear perspective on the imperatives for 
in health. The volatility that we see in
our ﬁnancial performance: our objective 
emerging markets, and the health care cost 
is for Johnson & Johnson to grow sales 
challenges that exist in both developed 
organically at a faster rate than the market, 
and emerging markets, clearly demonstrate
and grow our earnings faster than sales;  
the importance of advocating for improved
access to quality health care, as well as
rewards for innovations that drive better 
an objective we met in 2016.
Additionally, our focus on having a strong 
outcomes and long-term value. We will
cash ﬂow ensures we are able to make 
continue to be a leading voice in these 
the appropriate investments in our 
discussions, advocating for solutions that
business, and then capitalize on the right 
are in the best interests of the health and
opportunities to create greater long-term 
wellness of patients and consumers.
value for our shareholders. 
OUR BROAD
BASE IN HUMAN
HEALTH CARE 
EXTENDS 
OUR REACH, 
CAPABILITIES 
AND STRATEGIC 
ADVANTAGES 
FOR PATIENTS,
PROVIDERS AND
CONSUMERS
AROUND THE 
WORLD.
After funding our organic growth, 
we have a strategic capital allocation 
framework that outlines how we will 
use our remaining free cash ﬂow.
$15.5B
In 2016, our free 
cash ﬂow was 
$15.5 billion*. 
After meeting our dividend goals, we 
target value creating acquisitions.
$5B
In 2016, we invested 
approximately $5 billion 
in acquisitions and major 
licensing deals. 
We start by funding our internal growth 
initiatives, including our investments in 
research and development.
$9.1B
In 2016, our R&D 
investments totaled 
$9.1 billion.
Our ﬁrst priority is delivering a competitive 
dividend to our shareholders, which we 
have increased for 54 consecutive years. 
$8.6B
In 2016, we paid 
$8.6 billion in 
dividends. 
Finally, we consider other prudent ways to 
return value to shareholders, such as 
share repurchase programs.
$10B
In 2016, we completed 
two-thirds of our 
$10 billion share 
repurchase program.
C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R   •   I I I

--- Page 6 ---
Our total shareholder return for 2016  
was a strong 15.3%, signiﬁcantly exceeding 
our competitor composite, as well as 
exceeding most major indices, including  
the S&P 500. This is not only true for 2016, 
but I’m proud to say it’s also the case over 
the last three, ﬁve, ten and twenty year 
periods. Historically, approximately 70 
percent of our free cash ﬂow deployed 
over the last 10 years has been returned 
to shareholders in the form of dividends or 
share repurchases.
Our strong record of total shareholder 
returns is the result of our approach to 
For 2017, we expect our key catalysts for
growth will include:
• Continued strong performance of our 
in-line products – increasing penetration 
in markets such as anti-coagulants, 
psoriasis, and long-acting anti-psychotics
• Capitalizing on the early launch success 
from key products such as DARZALEX®,
IMBRUVICA®, and STELARA® for 
Crohn’s Disease
• Anticipated regulatory approval for two 
new immunology products, guselkumab 
and sirukumab, each with greater than  
$1 billion in sales potential
managing for the long term, our relentless 
drive for innovation, our disciplined portfolio 
management and our capital allocation 
Further, we will continue to vigorously 
defend our patents on REMICADE®, while 
remaining competitive against at-risk 
strategy – all of which are regularly
biosimilar entries, given the product’s long 
discussed as part of our ongoing strategic 
track record of efﬁcacy and safety.
planning with our Board of Directors.
We are conﬁdent in our robust
DRIVING STRONG, CONSISTENT,
Pharmaceutical pipeline and will continue 
SUSTAINABLE RESULTS
working toward our goal of ﬁling 10 new 
As the health care landscape continues to 
products by 2019, each with at least $1 
evolve, all three of our business sectors are 
billion in potential sales, as well as ﬁling an 
well-positioned to meet the changing needs 
additional 40 line extensions by 2019, 10 
of patients and consumers. In terms of our 
of which have more than $500 million in 
ﬁnancial performance, we expect each 
potential sales.
business segment to grow and contribute 
to our sales and income growth in 2017. 
In addition, in January 2017 we announced 
PHARMACEUTICALS
a deﬁnitive agreement to acquire Actelion 
Ltd. for approximately $30 billion. The 
In our Pharmaceuticals business, our 
transaction is expected to accelerate 
priority is to drive continued growth while 
delivering on our near-term pipeline. We  
will do this by focusing on our therapeutic 
our near- and long-term revenue and 
earnings growth rates and be immediately 
accretive to Johnson & Johnson’s adjusted 
areas of high unmet medical need, our 
earnings per share**. The acquisition would 
robust innovation engine and strong 
expand and complement our existing
commercial capabilities.
Janssen portfolio with differentiated in-
ALL THREE OF 
OUR BUSINESS
SECTORS 
ARE WELL-
POSITIONED
TO MEET THE 
CHANGING 
NEEDS OF 
PATIENTS AND 
CONSUMERS
I V   •   C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R

--- Page 7 ---
market medicines for pulmonary arterial 
hypertension, and reinforces Janssen’s 
already robust late-stage pipeline. The 
opportunities in large, growing markets with 
signiﬁcant unmet needs.
transaction is subject to satisfaction of 
Our goal is to return to above market 
closing conditions and is expected to close 
growth by the second half of this year, and 
by the end of the second quarter of 2017.
we plan to drive that growth through:
CONSUMER
In our Consumer segment, in the near-term, 
our priority is to enhance our leadership in 
priority categories and continue to improve 
proﬁtability to benchmark levels by focusing 
on critical geographies and our iconic 
mega-brands.
Our plans for Consumer growth in  
2017 include:
• Continuing to grow faster than the 
market, and gaining market share across 
our mega brands
• Bringing innovation to the market, and 
launching key, science-based new 
products
• Accelerating the growth from recent 
acquisitions in our Beauty franchise, 
including Vogue International with OGX®
and PROGANIX® hair care brands
• Continuing to utilize supply chain and
operational efﬁciencies to ensure
operating margins are at benchmark
levels
MEDICAL DEVICES
Our near-term priority in Medical Devices 
is to accelerate growth through innovation, 
portfolio management and new business 
• More than doubling the number of new 
products in 2016, with at least 12 major
launches planned for 2017
• Accelerating the impact from strategic 
acquisitions made in 2016
• Incorporating a suite of holistic, insights-
driven capabilities to help health systems 
navigate value-based care through our 
CareAdvantage & Orthopaedic Episode-
of-Care partnerships
• Continuing progress on the restructuring 
initiative in our hospital medical device 
businesses, which is on track to achieve
savings of $800 million to $1 billion, with 
the majority expected to be realized by 
the end of 2018
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
As the world’s largest and most broadly-
based health care company, we have a 
unique perspective on the health and 
wellness needs, wants, hopes and fears  
of the people whose lives we touch around
the world every day.
We will continue providing leadership on 
the health and wellness issues that we 
understand better than anyone else. And 
we will continue reporting on the social and 
environmental performance of our business 
models. We are driving growth in priority
through our Citizenship & Sustainability 
platforms, sustaining leadership in our 
Report, available at www.jnj.com/caring.
core platforms, implementing novel 
commercial models and seeking expansion 
In September 2016, in addition to our 
WE HAVE 
A UNIQUE
PERSPECTIVE 
ON THE HEALTH
AND WELLNESS
NEEDS, WANTS,
HOPES AND
FEARS OF THE 
PEOPLE WHOSE
LIVES WE TOUCH
AROUND THE 
WORLD EVERY
DAY.
C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R   •   V

--- Page 8 ---
Citizenship & Sustainability 2020 goals, 
we announced a comprehensive UN 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) 
health care system to address the important 
issue of U.S. health care costs.
commitment focused on ﬁve key areas 
We will continue to defend the interests
where we are uniquely positioned to  
of all of the stakeholders deﬁned in Our 
create sustainable and scalable impact: 
Credo: the doctors, nurses and patients; the 
Global Disease Challenges, Essential 
mothers and fathers and all others who use 
Surgery, Women’s & Children’s Health, 
our products; our employees and suppliers; 
Health Workforce, and Environmental 
and the communities in which we live and 
Health. Our SDG vision for 2030 is that 
by galvanizing partners, mobilizing 
work. We will also continue to provide
positive economic impact wherever we do 
employees and engaging communities, 
business, pay our fair share of taxes and 
we will profoundly improve the course of 
deliver a fair return to our shareholders.
human health.
PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST
WE ARE
COMMITTED TO 
ALWAYS PUTTING 
PEOPLE FIRST.
We are also an industry leader in keeping 
Whether it is a human-centered insight  
the patient and consumer at the center 
that drives the innovation of a breakthrough 
of everything we do. In the last few years,
product, our advocacy for access to health 
we have taken unprecedented steps 
care, or our humanitarian work treating 
like creating the Johnson & Johnson 
some of the world’s most debilitating 
Bioethics Committee and the industry’s ﬁrst 
diseases, we are committed to always 
Compassionate Use Advisory Committee; 
putting people ﬁrst.
collaborating to develop massive real world 
data sets, such as the Observational Health 
This is also true in how we support our 
Data Sciences and Informatics (OHDSI);
more than 126,000 employees around 
and developing industry-leading clinical trial 
the world. All of our compelling strategies 
data transparency through the Yale Open 
and strong results would not be possible 
Data Access (YODA) Project.
without our talented, diverse and dedicated 
employees. Their commitment and 
In the ﬁrst quarter of 2017, we were also
pleased to release the inaugural Janssen 
passion has helped Johnson & Johnson 
to be named by top industry and business 
U.S. Transparency Report, in which we 
publications as being among the most 
are disclosing more information about 
admired, most respected, most innovative 
our business practices, including those 
and best places to work year after year.
related to pricing. This report builds on our 
history of responsible pricing practices 
and our ongoing efforts to provide more 
For all they do to ensure our success, we 
believe employers have an opportunity and 
transparency into how we operate. These 
responsibility, as well as an incentive, to 
disclosures are just one way we are 
ensure their employees are healthy and 
continuing to work with others in the  
engaged. Our goal for 2020 and beyond is 
V I   •   C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R

--- Page 9 ---
to lead by example, cultivating the world’s 
healthiest workforce.
and resilience; and one way to achieve 
this is through the practice of gratitude. I 
would like to say how grateful I am to be 
We have a number of programs in place 
the Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 
to help us achieve that goal across many 
of Johnson & Johnson. I am grateful for 
facets of our employees’ lives. From 
the passion, commitment and unique 
programs that encourage healthy eating, 
contributions of our more than 126,000 
movement, and resilience; to ensuring the 
employees around the world. I am grateful 
ﬁnancial health of our employees through 
competitive compensation programs, 
Health and Wellness beneﬁts, recognition
programs, long-term incentives, and robust 
to the billions of health care workers, 
parents and consumers who place their 
trust in our products every day. And ﬁnally,
I am grateful to our Board of Directors and 
retirement plans – including a deﬁned 
you, our shareholders, for entrusting me 
beneﬁt pension plan in the U.S.; as well 
with the great responsibility of leading  
as supporting healthy families, through 
this amazing company. Thank you for  
programs such as our new parental leave 
your support.
policy, fertility beneﬁts, and global breast 
milk shipping beneﬁts. 
With Our Credo as our inspiration, the 
strength of our broad base across human 
We not only feel that this is the right thing
health care, and our commitment to 
to do, but we also believe these programs 
delivering strong, consistent, long-term 
help us to achieve our goals of attracting, 
growth, I am incredibly conﬁdent in the 
developing, and retaining the best talent to 
continued success of Johnson & Johnson.
deliver the best outcomes; positioning us to 
deliver another 130 years of strong growth 
Sincerely,
and shareholder returns.
CONFIDENT IN THE FUTURE OF 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON
Alex Gorsky 
One of the teachings from our wellness 
Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 
business is the importance of mindfulness 
Johnson & Johnson
*   Non-GAAP measure – Free cash ﬂow is deﬁned as operating cash ﬂow less capital spending ($18.7 billion -
$3.2 billion = $15.5 billion)
** Non-GAAP measure; excludes intangible amortization expense and special items
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This letter contains forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, future operating and ﬁnancial 
performance, product development, market position and business strategy. The reader is cautioned not to rely on
these statements, which are based on current expectations of future events. For important information about these 
statements, including the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from the 
assumptions, expectations, and projections expressed in any forward-looking statements, the reader should review the
enclosed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the ﬁscal year ended January 1, 2017, including in the sections captioned 
“Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors”. Johnson & Johnson does not
undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R   •   V I I
