
--- Page 4 ---
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Your company earned a record $17 billion in 2010, up 48% from $12 billion in 
2009. As points of reference: In 2008 — which, as you know, was a year filled 
with unprecedented challenges — we earned $6 billion; and the year before, we 
earned $15 billion, a then-record for us. The performance of our JPMorgan Chase 
stock during this period of time — and over the past decade (including heritage 
company Bank One) — is shown in the chart on page 4. 
Our return on tangible equity for 2010 was 15%. Given your company’s earnings 
power, these returns should be higher. In a more normal environment, we believe 
we could earn approximately $22 billion to $24 billion. Your company’s earnings, 
particularly because of the business we are in, will always be somewhat volatile. 
The main reason for the difference between what we should be earning and  
what we are earning is the extraordinarily high losses we still are bearing on 
mortgages and mortgage-related issues. These losses have been running at a 
rate of approximately $4 billion a year, after-tax, and, while they should come 
down over time, they, unfortunately, will continue at elevated levels for a while. 
On the brighter side, we increased our annual dividend to $1 per share and 
have re-established the ability to buy back stock if and when we think it’s  
appropriate to do so.
Looking at these results in the context of the last three difficult years, what  
particularly pleases me is how exceptionally our company performed, not  
in absolute financial terms but in human terms. No matter how tough the  
circumstances or how difficult the events, we were there for our clients and  
our communities — providing credit and raising capital. We provided credit  
and raised capital of approximately $1.6 trillion for our clients in 2010 alone.  
Those clients included hospitals, schools, local governments, municipalities, 
corporations, small businesses and individuals. While helping our clients  
— large and small — prepare for the future, we continued to actively support the 
economic recovery. At the same time, we continued to invest in your  
company’s future and to build our businesses — opening branches and offices 
and adding bankers across the globe, including hiring more than 8,000 people 
in the United States alone. As a result, we gained market share and became a 
better competitor in almost every single business.
2

--- Page 5 ---
Jamie Dimon,
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer
The outstanding efforts of our 240,000 employees around the world enabled  
our firm to weather the worst economic storm in recent history and to emerge 
stronger than ever. And — while we are proud of the many ways we rose to meet 
the untold challenges we faced — we also are keenly aware of the ongoing  
imperative to continually innovate and improve — to get smarter, better, faster —  
in service to our clients. This is the only way we will be able to thrive going  
forward and to overcome the challenges ahead. 
I’ve asked the chief executive of each of our lines of business to write you a letter 
about his or her respective business, both to review the 2010 results and to offer 
an outlook for the future. I hope as you read their letters in the section follow-
ing this letter that you get the same sense that I do: Across your company, we 
have talented leaders and great opportunities; we are performing well financially 
against our competition; we are investing in our organic growth; and, perhaps 
most important, we are focused on building quality businesses.
3

--- Page 6 ---
Stock and Book Value Performance
Stock Total Return Analysis if You Became a Shareholder of the Respective Firms at December 31, 2000
Bank One   
Chase    
J.P. Morgan   
S&P 500
10-Year Performance:
Compounded Annual Gain 
  Overall Gain 
7.0 % 
97.4   
2.5 % 
28.1   
2.7 % 
30.1   
1.4 %
15.1 
This chart shows actual returns of the stock, with dividends included, for heritage shareholders of the company  
vs. the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (S&P 500).
Bank One/JPMorgan Chase Tangible Book Value per Share Performance vs. S&P 500 (2001-2010)
Tangible Book Value per Share  
of Bank One/JPMorgan Chase with 
Dividends Included (A) 
S&P 500 with 
Dividends Included (B) 
Relative Results
(A) — (B)
10-Year Performance:
Compounded Annual Gain 
  Overall Gain 
13.6 % 
256.5 
1.4 % 
15.1 
12.2 %
241.4 
In addition to stock performance, we looked at tangible book value performance over the past 10 years. Tangible  
book value over time captures the company’s use of capital, balance sheet and profitability. In this chart, we are looking 
at heritage Bank One shareholders. The chart shows the increase in tangible book value per share; it is an after-tax 
number assuming all dividends were retained vs. the S&P 500 (a pretax number with dividends reinvested).  
Quality business, to us, means good clients; excellent products; constant innovation; 
state-of-the-art systems; and dedicated, capable, well-trained employees who care 
about the customers we serve. It means building consistently, not overreacting to 
short-term factors, and being trusted and respected by our clients in all the communi-
ties where we do business. In a risk-taking business, it is easy to generate increasingly 
better results in the short run by taking on excessive risk or by building lower quality 
business — but you will pay for that in the long run. That is not what we are after.
In this letter, I will focus my comments on issues of great impact to our business:
I. 
The Post-crisis Environment: How We View the Significant Challenges Ahead
II.  Big Opportunities: How We Will Grow in U.S. and International Markets
III.  The Customer Experience: How We Will Continue to Improve It
IV.  Global Financial Reform: How the Key Aspects Will Affect Our Businesses  
and Our Country
V.  Conclusion
4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
I. THE POST-CRI SI S  E N VI RO NME NT:  H OW WE  V I EW   
 THE SIGN IF ICAN T CHAL LE NG E S  AHE A D
As we enter 2011, we find ourselves having 
weathered an epic storm – not just the global 
financial crisis itself but its effect on the 
global financial system and our industry. 
As a nation, we may have averted disaster 
thanks to a great collective effort, but many 
challenges remain. A lot of work has been 
done – some of which has been excellent and 
necessary. Other aspects are less satisfactory 
and even potentially harmful, and we need 
to face and fix them in a thorough, balanced, 
intelligent manner. Suffice it to say that a 
good deal of work remains to be done. 
In our meetings with shareholders, we often 
are asked the following tough questions:
•	 What	will	be	the	fallout	from	the	European	
sovereign exposures and the geopolitical 
risks,	particularly	in	the	Middle	East?
•	 How	are	we	going	to	deal	with	all	the	
litigation around mortgages, municipali-
ties, Bear Stearns, the bankruptcies of 
Lehman	Brothers,	Washington	Mutual	
(WaMu)	and	others?
•	 Will	the	American	economy	recover	in	the	
short	run?	How	will	abnormal	monetary	
policies and looming fiscal deficits affect 
us?	Does	America	have	the	capacity	in	
the long run to deal effectively with other 
important problems it faces, including 
immigration, our energy policy, the 
environment, our education and health 
systems, our infrastructure and our still-
unbalanced	trade	and	capital	flows?
•	 Will	the	role	of	banks	change	in	this	new	
environment?	Will	they	be	able	to	grow	
profitably?	Will	American	banks	be	able	to	
freely compete with increasingly formi-
dable foreign banks, some of which are the 
beneficiaries	of	powerful	state	support?
•	 How	will	the	mortgage	and	mortgage-
related	issues	end	up?	How	much	will	they	
cost	us?	And	how	will	they	be	resolved?	
Charlie Scharf deals with some of these 
questions in his letter later in this Annual 
Report. These issues are extremely complex 
and will take years to resolve. There is 
plenty of misinformation and a number 
of misconceptions around mortgages, and 
your company is going to make a dedicated 
effort to describe in detail what we do, how 
we do it, what the right things to do are, 
what the mistakes we made are and how 
we will rectify them. I will not go into the 
details in this letter, but, rest assured, we 
are fully engaged on this issue of mort-
gages, and you will be hearing more from 
us about it in the future.
In thinking about the answers to the ques-
tions posed, it would be naive to be blindly 
and irrationally optimistic – or to be blindly 
and	irrationally	pessimistic.	We	cannot	predict	
the future with any real certainty, but we can 
offer our shareholders some insight into how 
we think about these issues, what they mean 
for the company and how we manage through 
them. Remember, our goal is not to guess the 
future; our goal is to be prepared to thrive 
under widely variable conditions. 
We Face the Future in a Strong Position 
Our businesses and management team are 
among the best in the industry. It is diffi-
cult to replicate our franchises and the 
intelligence embedded in our expertise, in 
our systems and in the experience of our 
people. Our fortress balance sheet provides 
us with strong and growing capital – and we 
always are thinking far ahead about the best 
ways to deploy it. 
We	believe	we	have	the	foresight	and	
fortitude to use our capital wisely. Our first 
priority was to restore a decent dividend – 
this is what our shareholders wanted (if it 
were up to me personally, I would reinvest 
5
 
 

--- Page 8 ---
all the capital into our company and not pay 
any dividend – but this is not what most 
shareholders	want).	We	would	like	to	be	
completely clear about how we prioritize our 
use of capital. These priorities are:
•	 First	and	foremost,	to	invest	in	organic	
growth – building great, long-term profitable 
businesses.	We	see	significant	opportunities	
for organic growth in each of our businesses.
•	 Second,	to	make	acquisitions	–	both	small	
add-ons and larger ones, but only if the 
price is right and we have a clear ability 
to manage the risks and execute properly. 
(If we are not running our own businesses 
well,	we	should	not	be	doing	acquisitions.)
•	 And	third,	to	buy	back	stock	–	as	a	disci-
pline, we always will buy back the stock 
we	issue	for	compensation.	However,	we	
will buy back additional stock only when, 
looking forward, we see few opportunities 
to invest in organic growth and acquisi-
tions. And we will buy back stock only 
when we believe it benefits our remaining 
shareholders – not the ones who are selling 
(i.e.,	we	will	be	price	sensitive).	
We	also	believe	that	strength	creates	good	
opportunities in bad times. And, yes, we 
know we have made and will continue to 
make mistakes – all businesses do – but we 
hope to catch them early, fix them quickly 
and learn from them. 
We	are	not	complacent	about	renewed,	
intense competition everywhere we operate – 
in	fact,	it’s	already	here.	Whatever	the	future	
brings – and it will bring both good and bad 
– we are prepared, and we expect to emerge 
among the leaders.
6
How We View European Sovereign and 
Geopolitical Risk
The	European	Union	(EU)	is	one	of	the 	
great collective endeavors of all time – 
where participating countries are striving to 
form a permanent union of nations for the 
benefit of all their citizens. 
In the short run, i.e., in the next year or two, 
we	believe	that	the	Euro	Zone,	in	fits	and	
starts, will work through its problems. It 
has the will and wherewithal to do so. The 
politicians	of	Europe	seem	to	be	completely	
devoted to making this work – as their 
predecessors were for the past 60 years. The 
process will be messy, but the consequence 
of giving up could be far worse: Sovereign 
defaults could lead to a bank crisis with 
serious economic consequences. Since it 
is the same money (if sovereign nations 
default	on	their	debt,	the	EU	will	have	to	
recapitalize its banks by approximately the 
same	amount),	it	is	better	to	fix	the	problem 	
without causing additional complications.
Once the short-term issues are addressed, 
there likely will be some restructuring 
of the fiscal and monetary agreements 
between the nations and possibly the 
restructuring of some of the nations’ debt. 
We	believe	there	are	ways	to	do	this	with	
minimal	damage	–	particularly	if	the	EU	is	
able to achieve economic growth.
When	the	sovereign	crisis	started,	
JPMorgan Chase’s gross exposures to 
Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Spain and Italy 
totaled approximately $40 billion – but net 
of collateral and hedges, our real exposures 
were	approximately	$20	billion.	We	did	not	
run	or	panic	–	we	stayed	the	course.	 While	
we reduced some of our exposures (essen-
tially, the investment of excess cash for the 
company),	we	did	not	reduce	the	exposures	
associated with serving our clients, and we 
continued to actively conduct business in 
those nations. Our position was clear and 
consistent: to be there for our clients, not 
just in good times, but in bad times as well. 
Going forward, this mission will not change. 
We	know	the	risks,	and	we	are	prepared	
to take them. For example, in the unlikely 
occurrence of extremely bad outcomes in all 
these countries, JPMorgan Chase ultimately 

--- Page 9 ---
could lose approximately $3 billion, after-tax. 
But we are in the business of taking risks in 
support of our clients and believe that this 
is a risk worth bearing since we hope to be 
growing our business in these countries for 
decades to come. 
Our broader perspective on geopolitical 
uncertainty is that it is a constant state of 
affairs, which has been and always will be 
there, whether immediately visible or not. 
Such uncertainty is one of the main reasons 
we control our credit exposures and main-
tain extremely strong capital and liquidity  
at all times. 
Before turning to the economic impact of the 
crisis	in	the	Middle	East,	we	hope,	first	and	
foremost, that the outcome of these historic 
movements will be to enhance the life and 
rights of the people in the region. 
For our company, in particular, our direct 
exposures are manageable. The key economic 
impact is if extreme turmoil leads to extraordi-
narily high oil prices, which then could cause 
a global recession. As you know, however, we 
always run this company to be prepared to 
deal with the effects of a global recession.
How We View Our Legal Exposures
Unfortunately,	we	will	be	dealing	with	legal	
issues – the detritus of the storm – for years 
to come. They range from mortgage-related 
litigation to lawsuits concerning Bear Stearns 
and	the	bankruptcies	of	WaMu,	Lehman	
Brothers and others. 
Our	strategy	is	simple:	When	we	are	right,	
we will fight mightily to ensure a just 
outcome.	When	we	are	not,	we	will	say	so.	
Some of the legal challenges we face stem 
from our acquisitions of Bear Stearns and 
WaMu,	where	we	inherited	some	of	their	
exposures.	Had	we	not	acquired	these	
firms, there would be no lawsuits because 
there would be no money to pay – our deep 
pockets are an attractive target to plaintiffs. 
While	the	American	legal	system	is	one	of	
the world’s best, it also is one of the only 
legal systems that does not require the losing 
party to pay the winning party’s legal costs. 
Large actions against big companies, whether 
justified or not, have the potential to deliver 
large payoffs. This lack of balance and fair-
ness too often results in outrageous claims. 
Why	not?	Plaintiffs	have	little	to	lose.	Our	
shareholders should know that we have set 
aside significant reserves to handle many of 
these exposures.
How We View the American Economy — 
Short Term and Long Term
Five years ago, very few people seemed to 
worry about outsized risk, black swans and 
fat tails. Today, people see a black swan with 
a fat tail behind every rock. 
The	U.S.	economy	was,	is	and	will	remain	
for the foreseeable future the mightiest 
economic machine on this planet. America 
is home to many of the best universities and 
companies in the world. It still is one of the 
greatest innovators. The volume and varia-
tion of our inventions created in America 
are extraordinary – from bold new technolo-
gies, like the Internet, to thousands of small, 
incremental improvements in processes and 
products that, in aggregate, dramatically 
improve productivity. America also has an 
exceptional legal system (notwithstanding 
my many reservations about the class-action 
and	tort	system)	and	the	best	and	deepest	
capital markets. The American people have 
a great work ethic, from farmers and factory 
workers to engineers and businessmen (even 
bankers	and	CEOs).	And	it	still	has	the	most	
entrepreneurial population on earth. Amer-
ican ingenuity is alive and well.
I mention all this because we need to put 
our current problems – and they are real 
– into proper context. Our problems may 
be daunting, but they also are resolvable. 
As a nation, we have overcome far worse 
challenges,	from	the	Civil	War	to	the	Great	
Depression	to	World	War	II.	Even	amid	our	
current challenges, we have begun to see 
clear signs of stability and growth returning 
to	the	capital	markets	and	the	U.S.	economy.	
Almost everything is better than it was a 
year or two ago.
It’s conceivable that we are at the begin-
ning of a self-sustaining recovery that could 
power through many of the negatives we’ve 
7

--- Page 10 ---
been focusing on recently. Consumers are 
getting stronger, spending at levels similar to 
those two-and-a-half years ago, but, instead of 
spending more than their income, they now 
are saving 5% of their income. And consumer 
debt service costs, i.e., how much they spend 
of their income to service their debt, have 
returned to levels seen in the 1990s (due to 
debt repayment, charge-offs and debt forgive-
ness,	lower	interest	rates,	etc.).
Businesses, large and small, are getting 
stronger. Large companies have plenty of 
cash. Medium sized and small businesses are 
in better financial condition and are starting 
to borrow again. Global trade is growing – 
U.S.	exports	were	up	16%	in	2010.	Job	growth	
seems to have begun. Financial markets are 
wide open – and banks are lending more 
freely.	U.S.	businesses,	large	and	small,	are	
investing more than $2 trillion a year in 
capital expenditures and research and devel-
opment. They have the ability to do more, 
and, at the end of the day, the growth in the 
economy ultimately is driven by increased 
capital investment.
The biggest negative that people point 
to is that home prices are continuing to 
decline, new home sales are at record lows 
and foreclosures are on the rise. Our data 
indicates that the rate of foreclosures will 
start to come down later this year. Approxi-
mately 30% of the homes in America do 
not have mortgages – and of those that do, 
approximately 90% of mortgage-holding 
homeowners are paying their loans on time. 
Housing	affordability	is	at	an	all-time	high. 	
The	U.S.	population	is	growing	at	over	3	
million a year, and those people eventually 
will need housing. Additionally, the fact 
that fewer homes are being built means that 
supply and demand will come into balance 
sooner than it otherwise would have. That 
said, housing prices likely will continue to 
go down modestly because of the contin-
uous high levels of homes for sale. The ulti-
mate recovery of the housing market and 
housing prices likely will follow job growth 
and a general recovery in the economy. 
8
Yes, America still is facing headwinds and 
uncertainties – including abnormal monetary 
policy and looming fiscal deficits. And while 
we can’t really predict what the economy will 
do in the next year or two (though we think 
it	is	getting	stronger),	we	are	confident	that	
the world’s greatest economy will regain its 
footing and grow over the ensuing decade. 
But we must take serious action to ensure our 
success in the decades ahead 
While	our	confidence	in	the	next	decade	 
is high, for America to thrive after that,  
it soon must confront some of the serious 
issues	facing	it.	We	need	to	redouble	our	
efforts to develop an immigration policy 
and a real, sustainable energy policy; 
protect our environment; improve our 
education and health systems; rebuild  
our infrastructure for the future; and find  
solutions for our still-unbalanced trade  
and capital flows. 
The sooner we address these issues, the 
better – America does not have a divine 
right to success, and it can’t rely on wishful 
thinking and its great heritage alone to 
get the country where it needs to go. But 
I remain, perhaps naively, optimistic. As 
Winston	Churchill	once	said,	“You	can	
always count on Americans to do the right 
thing – after they’ve tried everything else.” 
Will the Role of Banks Change in This New 
Environment?
Banks serve a critical function in society, 
but it often is difficult to describe that func-
tion	in	basic	terms.	When	I	was	traveling	in	
Ghana with one of our daughters (yes, the 
same daughter who asked me what a finan-
cial	crisis	was	three	years	ago),	she	pointed	
out all the buildings and projects that had 
been started but never finished. 
All the money that went into Ghana’s 
unfinished buildings was needlessly wasted 
and, in fact, had damaged the citizens of 
the country. This sorry sight provided me 
with a concrete example of how to describe 
what banks actually should do. I explained 
to our daughter that had banks (or inves-
tors)	been	doing	their	job,	they	would	have	
made sure that before money was invested 
in a project or enterprise, it had good pros-
pects of success: It would be built for good 

--- Page 11 ---
reasons, it would be appropriately utilized, it 
would be properly constructed, it would be 
insured and, if something went wrong, the 
asset would be put to the best possible use 
afterward. At the microlevel of one building 
or one small business, it is easy to under-
stand what banks do. They lend or invest, 
having done their homework, to maximize 
the chance of success. Sometimes they are 
wrong, and unforeseen circumstances can 
derail that success, but if they do their job 
well, this lending improves the general 
health of an economy.
At the macrolevel, we talk about having lent, 
invested or raised approximately $1.6 trillion 
for companies, not-for-profits and individuals 
over the course of 2010. But at the human 
level, here’s some of what we did last year:
•	 We	originated	mortgages	to	over	720,000	
people. 
•	 We	provided	new	credit	cards	to	more	than	
11 million people. 
•	 We	lent	or	increased	credit	to	nearly	30,000	
small businesses. 
•	 We	lent	to	over	1,500	not-for-profit	and	
government entities, including states, 
municipalities, hospitals and universities.
•	 We	extended	or	increased	loan	limits	
to approximately 6,500 middle market 
companies. 
•	 We	lent	to	or	raised	capital	for	more	than	
8,500 corporations.
We	take	calculated	risks	when	we	do	this	
lending, and sometimes we make mistakes. 
But I can assure you that this never is our 
intent.	We	do	this	banking	activity	in	all	50	
states	in	the	United	States	and	in	more	than	
140 countries around the world. To ensure 
that we do it right and comply with the 
laws of the land, we have risk committees, 
credit committees, underwriting committees, 
compliance and legal reviews, and more. 
Banks play a critical role in our economic 
system by properly allocating, underwriting 
and understanding risk as credit is given to 
various entities and by helping to manage, 
move and invest capital for clients. The 
key question is how will all the regulatory 
changes	affect	the	banks’	ability	to	do	this?
What will not change: Clients still will need  
our services
From the point of view of the customer – 
always the best way to look at a business – 
the services we offer, which are not easy to 
duplicate,	will	remain	essential.	Economies,	
markets, technology and trends will change, 
but we know companies and consumers still 
will need the financial services we provide.
When	consumers	walk	into	our	retail	
branches, they still will need checking and 
savings accounts, mortgages, investments, 
and credit and debit cards.
When	small	business	customers	walk	into	our	
branches, they still will need cash manage-
ment services, loans and investment advice.
When	the	CEOs	of	middle	market	compa-
nies are called upon by our bankers, they 
still will need cash management, loans, trade 
finance and investment advice. Some even 
may require derivatives or foreign exchange 
services to help manage their exposures.
Finally, when large companies work with our 
bankers, they will continue to need merger 
and acquisition or other financial advice 
and access to the global equity and debt 
markets. Given the increasing complexity of 
their business, they also will require deriva-
tives to help manage various exposures, e.g., 
the changing prices of interest rates, foreign 
currencies and commodities.
In fact, the opportunities are large. A growing 
world still will need large-scale capital 
creation and bank lending and will increas-
ingly require financial services. Several factors 
underscore just how pressing these capital-
intensive needs will be in the future:
•	 Global	credit	outstanding	will	grow	by	
approximately $100 trillion over the next 
10 years across both emerging markets and 
developed nations, an 80% increase. 
•	 Analysts	from	McKinsey	and	the	World	
Economic	Forum	suggest	that	global	financial	
wealth could grow by approximately $160 tril-
lion over the next 10 years, a 100% increase.
•	 U.S.	financial	wealth	is	expected	to	increase	
by more than $30 trillion over the next 10 
years,	a	70%	increase.
9

--- Page 12 ---
•	 Global	gross	domestic	product	is	expected	
to grow by approximately $50 trillion in 
nominal terms ($25 trillion in real 2010 
dollar-value	terms)	over	the	next	10	years,	
an approximately 80% increase. 
•	 Annual	corporate	investments	in	plant	and	
equipment (globally running at approxi-
mately	$8	trillion	a	year)	should	at	least	
double over the next 10 years – our multi-
national clients account for approximately 
50% of this.
Effectively	delivering	on	this	growing	
demand requires strong, healthy financial 
institutions. This bodes well for JPMorgan 
Chase – we are in exactly the right place.
What will not change: Banks will continue to need 
to earn adequate market-demanded returns on 
capital
Like all businesses, banks must continue 
to earn adequate returns on capital – inves-
tors demand it. Some argue, however, that if 
regulation results in better capitalized banks 
and a more stable financial system, returns 
demanded on capital would be lower to reflect 
the lower risk involved. This probably is true 
but not likely to be materially significant. 
What will change: New regulation will affect prod-
ucts and their pricing 
A likely outcome of the new regulations is 
that products and their pricing will change. 
Some products will go away, some will be 
redesigned and some will be repriced. 
Last year, we spoke about how we would 
adjust our products and services for the new 
credit card pricing rules and new overdraft 
rules. So I will not repeat them here. In a 
later section, I will talk about how we will 
adjust to the new restrictions on the pricing 
of debit cards.
Higher	capital	and	liquidity	standards	that	
are required under Basel III likely will affect 
the pricing of many products and services. 
Two examples come to mind:
Current Basel III rules require banks to hold 
more capital and maintain more liquidity to 
support the revolving credit they provide to 
both middle market and large institutions. In 
some cases, the liquidity rules alone require 
us to hold 100% of highly liquid assets to 
support a revolver. For example, to support a 
$100 million revolver, we would be required 
to own $100 million of highly liquid securi-
ties	with	very	short	maturities.	We	estimate	
this would increase our incremental cost on 
a three-year revolver by approximately 60 
basis points a year. That leaves us with three 
options:	1)	pass	the	cost	on	to	the	customer,	
2)	lose	money	on	that	revolver,	or	3)	not	
make the loan. In the real world, the likely 
outcome is that some borrowers will have 
less or no access to credit, some borrowers 
will pay a lot more for credit, some would 
pay only a little bit more and some highly 
rated companies might find it cheaper to 
provide liquidity on their own, i.e., hold 
more excess cash on their balance sheet 
as opposed to relying on banks for credit 
liquidity backup. 
Certain products may disappear completely 
because they simply are too expensive to 
provide.	(Some,	like	the	“CDO-squares”	will	
not	be	missed.)	For	example,	capital	charges	
on certain securitizations will be so high 
for banks that either these transactions no 
longer will be done or they will migrate to 
other credit intermediaries (think hedge 
funds)	that	can	more	cheaply	invest	in	them.	
I will have more to say on regulation in the 
fourth section of this letter.
What we don’t know (and we have a healthy fear 
of unintended consequences)
Around the world and all at once, policy-
makers and regulators are making countless 
changes, from guidelines around market-
making, derivatives rules, capital and liquidity 
standards, and more. Many of the rules have 
yet to be defined in detail, and it is likely 
that they will not be applied evenly around 
the world. The combined impact of so much 
change – so much unknown about the inter-
play among all these factors and an uneven 
10

--- Page 13 ---
We	don’t	expect	any	of	these	three	outcomes	
to occur – nor do we believe that it was or is 
the intent of the lawmakers or regulators – 
but it bears paying close attention.
Although we tend to focus on the downside 
of unintended consequences, we should 
recognize that there may be some positive 
consequences. For example, large changes 
in business regulations and dynamics often 
lead to new businesses, innovations and new 
products. Also, our ability to compete may 
be hampered in some instances but actu-
ally helped in others. For example, the cost 
and complexity of all the recent regulations, 
ironically, could create greater barriers for 
new entrants and new competitors. 
global playing field – potentially is large. 
These unpredictable outcomes and unin-
tended consequences could affect far more 
than products and pricing. For example, if a 
business cannot sell certain products or if the 
cost of selling them is so high that it cannot 
be adequately recouped, that business risks 
losing all of its clients. A simple analogy: If a 
restaurant that sells burgers can’t sell french 
fries, it risks losing all of its customers.
Like it or not, we will adjust to the impact 
of new regulation on financial products and 
pricing. But we will remain vigilant about 
the changes that could threaten or under-
mine entire businesses. Three of our main 
concerns are: 
First, and most important, we want to ensure 
that our clients are not negatively affected in 
a material way and that our ability to prop-
erly serve them is not unduly compromised. 
Second, we need to be cautious about the 
creation of non-banks or new shadow banks. 
This could happen if the cumulative effect of 
all the regulations not only hampers banks 
from conducting their business but restricts 
them so much that the business slowly and 
inevitably moves to non-banks. 
And, third, we need to ensure that American 
banks are not significantly disadvantaged 
relative to their global counterparts. The 
cumulative effect of higher capital standards, 
too restrictive market-making and deriva-
tives rules, price control and arbitrary bank 
taxes could significantly impede our ability 
to compete over the long run. 
11
