
--- Page 4 ---
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Jamie Dimon  
with employees  
in Ohio
Your company earned a record $21.3 billion in net income on revenue of $97.0 billion 
in 2012. It was our third consecutive year of both record net income and a return on 
tangible common equity of at least 15%. 
Our financial results reflected strong underlying performance across virtually all our 
businesses, fueled by strong lending and deposit growth. We also maintained our 
leadership positions and continued to gain market share in key areas of our franchise.
This financial performance has resulted in good stock performance. For Bank One 
shareholders since March 27, 2000, the stock has performed better than most financial 
companies and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (S&P 500). And since the JPMorgan 
Chase & Co. merger with Bank One on July 1, 2004, we have had good performance 
vs. other financial companies and slightly worse performance than the S&P 500. The 
details are shown in the charts on the opposite page. One of the charts also shows the 
growth in tangible book value per share, which we believe is a conservative measure of 
value. You can see that it has grown far more than the S&P 500 in both time periods. 
2

--- Page 5 ---
Earnings and Diluted Earnings per Share
2007-2012
($ in millions, except diluted EPS)
Tangible Book Value per Share
2007-2012
Earnings and Diluted Earnings per Share 
2005 – 2012 
($ in millions, except diluted EPS)
Tangible Book Value per Share 
2005 – 2012 
$21,284     
$18,976
$17,370
$38.75                          
$33.69
$30.18
$27.09
$15,365
$14,444
$11,728
$5.20
$16.45
$21.96
$22.52
$18.88
$8,483
$2.35
$4.00
$4.33
$4.48
$3.96
$5,605
$1.35
$2.26
2006
2005
Net income      Diluted EPS
2008
2007
2009
2010
2011
2012
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Stock and Book Value Performance
Stock Total Return Analysis
Performance since becoming CEO of Bank One 
(3/26/2000 – 12/31/2012):(a)
  Compounded Annual Gain (Loss)  
  Overall Gain (Loss) 
Performance since the Bank One 
and JPMorgan Chase & Co. merger 
(7/1/2004 – 12/31/2012):
  Compounded Annual Gain (Loss) 
  Overall Gain (Loss) 
Bank One 
S&P 500  
S&P Financials  
Index
8.6%  
185.1%  
1.4%  
18.8%  
(1.0)%     
(11.5)%  
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
S&P 500  
S&P Financials  
Index
4.2%  
42.0%  
4.8%  
49.2%  
(4.0)%     
(29.5)%
These charts show actual returns of the stock, with dividends included, for heritage shareholders of Bank One and JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
vs. the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (S&P 500) and the Standard & Poor’s Financials Index (S&P Financials Index).
(a) On March 27, 2000, Jamie Dimon was hired as CEO of Bank One.
Bank One/JPMorgan Chase & Co. Tangible Book Value per Share Performance vs. S&P 500
Bank One 
(A) 
S&P 500   
(B)   
Relative Results 
(A) — (B) 
Performance since becoming CEO of Bank One 
(12/31/2000 – 12/31/2012):(a)
  Compounded Annual Gain  
  Overall Gain  
Performance since the Bank One 
and JPMorgan Chase & Co. merger 
(7/1/2004 – 12/31/2012):
  Compounded Annual Gain  
  Overall Gain  
13.4%  
354.1%  
2.6% 
36.3%  
10.8% 
317.8% 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co.    
(A) 
S&P 500   
(B)   
Relative Results 
(A) — (B) 
15.4%  
 237.2%  
4.8% 
49.2%  
10.6% 
188.0% 
Tangible book value over time captures the company’s use of capital, balance sheet and profitability. In this chart, we are looking at  
heritage Bank One shareholders and JPMorgan Chase & Co. shareholders. The chart shows the increase in tangible book value per share;  
it is an after-tax number assuming all dividends were retained vs. the S&P 500 (a pre-tax number with dividends reinvested).
(a) On March 27, 2000, Jamie Dimon was hired as CEO of Bank One.
3
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 

--- Page 6 ---
For the better part of this decade, during a time of tremendous challenges, our 
company has been doing great things. During this period of economic volatility, 
social and political change around the world, growing social needs and constrained 
government resources, our work matters more than ever.
Today’s global economy is exciting and dynamic, but it also can be tough and confusing. 
To survive and succeed, companies small and large need to innovate and learn to do 
business in markets around the world; big cities are becoming even bigger, as are 
the challenges they face, with millions of residents needing basic services; workers 
must continually update their skills and adapt to changing technologies and global 
competition; and average families require tools and support to navigate a complicated 
financial landscape and successfully secure a good mortgage, manage a household 
budget, and invest in their retirement and future. 
These issues are critically important. How we all deal with them will define the U.S. and 
global economies for decades to come. And as much as any other company, JPMorgan 
Chase is positioned to help individuals, businesses of all sizes, governments, nonprofits 
and other partners seize the opportunities and respond to the challenges of our times. 
We can do it because of the strong company we have built — global in reach, with 
outstanding people, expertise, capabilities, relationships and capital at the scale required 
to do big things. 
During the course of 2012, JPMorgan Chase provided credit and raised capital of over 
$1.8 trillion for our clients. This included $20 billion for small businesses, up 18%. We 
also originated more than 920,000 mortgages; provided credit cards to 6.7 million 
people; and raised capital and provided credit of approximately $85 billion for nearly 
1,500 nonprofit and government entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and 
universities. And we continued to stand by our European clients — both corporations 
and governments — as they were facing economic stress and challenges. As part of the 
100,000 Jobs Mission we helped launch in early 2011, we have hired nearly 5,000 U.S. 
military veterans and members of the National Guard and Reserve; and, through our 
nonprofit partners, we have provided mortgage-free homes for 386 deserving veterans 
and their families. 
4

--- Page 7 ---
New and Renewed Credit and Capital for Our Clients
Corporate clients  
($ in trillions)
$1.4
 (9)%
$1.3
 20%
$1.2
 4%
$1.1
Consumer and commercial banking  
($ in billions)
 17%
 $555.6
 13%
 11%
 $474.2
 $419.3
 17.1
 20.2
 81.7
 $379.1
 11.2
 91.1
 121.9
 7.3
 83.2
 76.0
 56.3
 83.0
 93.3
 67.2
 110.1
 99.6
 156.3
 164.6
 156.3
 140.6
 191.2
Year-over-Year Change
'09 to '10 '10 to '11
'11 to '12
 Small Business  55 % 
52 %  
18  %
 Card & Auto 
0 % 
10 % 
  (10)  %
 Commercial/ 
  Middle Market
23 % 
18 % 
11  %
 Asset 
  Management
19 % 
48 % 
41  %
 Mortgage/ 
  Home Equity
5 % 
(5) % 
22  %
2009
2010
2011
2012
2009
2010
2011
2012
Through the turbulence of recent years, we have consistently earned a fair profit for 
our shareholders, and we have never stopped serving clients and investing in the future 
of our franchise — opening new offices and branches, adding bankers in key markets, 
innovating and gaining market share. Our capital strength and earnings power are 
as strong as they have ever been. Challenges still exist, and there’s always room for 
improvement, but as we head into 2013, we remain proud of these accomplishments and 
are optimistic about the future.
There are a few things, however, that occurred this past year that we are not proud of. 
The “London Whale” episode not only cost us money  — it was extremely embarrassing, 
opened us up to severe criticism, damaged our reputation and resulted in litigation 
and investigations that are still ongoing. I will discuss this incident in more detail in 
the first section of this letter. Additionally, we received regulatory orders requiring 
improved performance in multiple areas, including mortgage foreclosures, anti-money 
laundering procedures and others. Unfortunately, we expect we will have more of 
these in the coming months. We need to and will do all the work necessary to complete 
the needed improvements identified by our regulators. 
5

--- Page 8 ---
In this letter, I will discuss the issues highlighted below. I am not going to cover the 
updates on our business units as the Chief Executive Officers (CEO) of those businesses 
have provided individual updates, and I encourage you to read their letters as well. 
Your company takes its responsibilities quite seriously. We are doing big things at  
a time that calls for just that. We will continue to do so. And we will not let the 
challenges we face today undermine our intention to deliver to the next generation  
of shareholders, customers, employees and communities a better, stronger  
JPMorgan Chase capable of doing more good than ever before. 
As usual, this letter will describe some of our successes and opportunities, as well  
as our challenges and issues. The main sections of the letter are as follows: 
I. 
Our control and regulatory agenda is our top priority (and some lessons  
learned from the “London Whale”) 
II.  A frank assessment of where our country and the world are today — the 
opportunities and challenges
III.  JPMorgan Chase faces the future with a strong hand
IV.  We are using our unique capabilities to do even more for our clients and 
communities 
V.  Our people are our future — how we are developing and retaining our leaders
6

--- Page 9 ---
I.  
 OUR C ON TROL A ND  REG UL ATORY  AGE NDA   I S   OU R  TOP 
PRIOR IT Y (A N D S OM E LE SS ON S  L EA R N ED  FR OM   TH E 
“LONDON WHAL E”) 
I would like to deal with some of our prob-
lems right up front. Our biggest problem  
of the year – the “London Whale” Chief 
Investment Office (CIO) issue – has been 
widely chronicled. Unfortunately, we also 
fell short on multiple control issues high-
lighted by the regulatory consent orders 
that we received. (Consent orders may be 
given to a bank when a regulator deter-
mines that the bank fails to meet proper 
standards – and they demand improved 
procedures.) Our consent orders came not 
only from the CIO issue but also around 
mortgage foreclosures and anti-money  
laundering practices. 
Let me be perfectly clear: These problems 
were our fault, and it is our job to fix them. In 
fact, I feel terrible that we let our regulators 
down. We are devoted to ensuring that our 
systems, practices, controls, technology and, 
above all, culture meet the highest standards. 
We want to be considered one of the best 
banks – across all measures – by our share-
holders, our customers and our regulators.
We also must prepare to comply with all 
the new regulatory requirements. These 
include not just the several hundred rules 
coming out of Dodd-Frank but the capital 
and liquidity rules coming out of Basel 
and the new rules coming out of Brussels, 
the United Kingdom’s Financial Services 
Authority and other regulatory bodies 
around the world. Additionally, we must 
meet many new reporting and stress testing 
requirements. And we must meet all of 
these requirements in short order. 
We absolutely believe that our bank and our 
regulators share a common goal: to ensure a 
strong, stable banking system that can help 
our economy grow. 
Satisfying all the regulatory requirements 
will take diligent, sustained effort and will 
touch every part of the company 
Our shareholders should understand that 
the mandate to meet all the new regulatory 
requirements requires extensive changes 
in our business practices. These new rules 
will touch almost every system, every legal 
entity, every product and every service that 
we have across the company. To give you 
one example, we are enhancing systems to 
manage risk-weighted asset and liquidity 
requirements all the way down to the specific 
asset and the specific client. 
It also is possible that we will need to make 
changes to our legal entity structure and our 
capital structure to comply with the new 
rules relative to subsidiaries, orderly resolu-
tion and living wills. 
We are committed to making the necessary 
investments in our risk, credit, finance, legal, 
compliance, audit, technology and operations 
staff to change systems, reporting and prac-
tices to meet all the regulatory changes. 
Our control agenda is now priority #1 — we 
are organizing and staffing up to meet our 
regulatory obligations
We are making our control agenda priority 
#1. To do so, we are re-prioritizing our major 
projects and initiatives, deploying massive 
new resources, and dedicating critical mana-
gerial time and focus to this effort. We also 
will be making changes in our organizational 
structure to ensure we get this done properly 
and quickly. 
For this reason, we have established a new 
Firmwide Oversight & Control Group that is 
separately staffed, reporting directly to our 
Co-Chief Operating Officers (co-COO). The 
group has the authority to make decisions 
top down, in command and control fashion, 
similar to the way we operate when we 
undertake a major acquisition.
7

--- Page 10 ---
We have asked every line of business in 
the company to appoint a business control 
officer to report jointly to the line of business 
CEO and the Firmwide Oversight & Control 
Group. In addition, every major enterprise-
wide control initiative (we have more than 
20 of them) will be staffed with program 
managers and oversight group managers, 
including our COOs. Each initiative also 
will have an Operating Committee member 
responsible for its success. This structure will 
enable the control groups to have immediate 
access to the right people, make decisions 
quickly and have the resources to get any 
issues fixed. 
Our Operating Committee members also 
will be meeting regularly with our regulators 
to share information and hear from them 
directly about any criticisms they may have. 
We are approaching this entire effort with the 
same level of rigor and discipline we bring 
to everything we do, from major mergers 
to large-scale re-engineering programs. The 
goal of this effort – to have a strong, effective 
control environment across the company – is 
what makes this huge investment of time and 
resources worthwhile. 
We must and will do a better job at 
compliance
We are dramatically strengthening how we 
carry out our compliance mission, including 
significantly increasing our compliance staff 
over the last three years. The letter on the 
opposite page     was sent out in early March 
to all our employees and shows you how seri-
ously we are taking the effort. 
We and our regulators have a common 
interest to build and sustain a strong and 
safe financial system
Significant progress has been made in 
building a safer financial system since the 
financial crisis. There is far more capital 
and liquidity in the global banking system. 
The new stress tests will be instrumental 
in ensuring that the financial system is 
sound and that each and every bank has an 
extremely low chance of failure. This is a 
good outcome. We all saw how bad a finan-
cial crisis can be – and none of us want to 
see it again. In addition, many of the root 
causes of the crisis have been addressed. For 
example, most off-balance sheet vehicles are 
gone, standards are in place to improve mort-
gage underwriting, leverage everywhere in 
the system is lower, and very few risky and 
exotic derivatives are being used. Addition-
ally, both Board-level and regulatory over-
sight is more exacting for all financial firms.
We also share a common interest in elimi-
nating “too big to fail,” and we believe the 
new authorities under Dodd-Frank for orderly 
liquidation and living wills create the condi-
tions to eliminate too big to fail. Clearly, more 
work needs to be done, but we are collabo-
rating closely with the regulators to accom-
plish this goal. Because when it is done, the 
market, regulators and politicians should have 
confidence that big banks can be bankrupted 
in a way that does not damage the economy 
and is not paid for by taxpayers. 
8

--- Page 11 ---
Message from the Operating Committee
March 5, 2013 
Dear colleagues –
When it comes to complying with the rules and regulations that govern our industry and our company, there 
is no room for compromise. We must always and will always follow not only the letter but the spirit of the 
law. As many of you have heard Jamie say (on multiple occasions): There is no piece of business, no deal, no 
revenue stream that is more important than our obligation to act responsibly, ethically and within the rules.
While every company makes mistakes, the hallmark of a great company is to learn from them and to 
continually grow and improve. And that is precisely what we have committed ourselves to do. We will meet 
that commitment, and every other commitment we have made to our regulators. We are devoting substantial 
resources to that effort – in the form of improved systems, new project plans, and good old-fashioned sweat 
and hard work.
Compliance isn’t just the province of our Compliance Department or other control functions; it is everyone’s 
responsibility. ALL of us, from our technologists to our traders, from our loan officers to our tellers, from our 
security guards to our securities salespeople, from our call center personnel to our portfolio managers, are 
guardians of the company’s reputation and accountable when it comes to following the rules. 
There are 260,000 employees of this company working to serve more than 50 million customers – 
individuals, companies, governments and nonprofits – every day. All of you do remarkable work to 
help our customers achieve their goals. Remember that in everything we do, all of us must live by the 
following values:
1.  Most important, treat our clients like you would a member of your own family. If you see a product feature 
you wouldn’t feel comfortable selling to a relative, then we shouldn’t be selling it to our clients, either. 
2. Know the rules that apply to you, your business and your activities. If you don’t know or you’re unsure 
what those are, ask.
3. Follow those rules to the letter. But following them to the letter isn’t enough. Understand the “why” 
behind them and live within their spirit as well as their letter.
4. If you have any doubt about something you or someone else is doing, say something – to a colleague, to 
your manager, to Compliance, to Audit. And you can always call our Employee Hotline – which is staffed 
24/7 and is available to our employees everywhere we do business around the globe.
5. Good compliance requires constant vigilance. Sometimes products change, and sometimes standards evolve.
6. Don’t assume someone else is taking care of fixing the problem across the company. Follow up, follow up, 
follow up to ensure your partners in other businesses can benefit from what you’ve learned. 
We are so proud of what we do, day in and day out, for the clients and communities we serve. Thank you for 
all of your efforts every day to work on this. Together, we can make this company even stronger in the future.

--- Page 12 ---
We learned  — or were painfully reminded 
of — hard lessons from the London Whale 
problem
It’s impossible to look back on the past year 
and not talk about the London Whale. Let 
me be direct: The London Whale was the 
stupidest and most embarrassing situation 
I have ever been a part of. But it is critical 
that we learn from the experience – other-
wise, it truly was nothing but a loss. I also 
want our shareholders to know that I take 
personal responsibility for what happened. 
I deeply apologize to you, our shareholders, 
and to others, including our regulators, 
who were affected by this mistake. Here 
are some of the lifelong lessons we either 
learned (or were painfully reminded of) 
from the CIO problem.
Fight complacency 
Complacency sets in when you start 
assuming that tomorrow will look more or 
less like today – and when you stop looking 
at yourself and your colleagues with a tough, 
honest, critical eye. Avoiding complacency 
means inviting others to question your logic 
and decisions in a disciplined way. Even 
when – and especially when – things have 
been going well for a long time, rigorous 
reviews must always take place.
Originally, the synthetic credit CIO portfolio 
(begun in 2007) was meant to help protect 
the firm’s overall credit exposure by offset-
ting losses in the event there was a credit 
crisis. It worked and essentially accom-
plished its intended objectives for many 
years. In late 2011, we asked the CIO team to 
reduce the portfolio for a variety of reasons. 
It was at this point that a new strategy was 
devised, which actually added to the risk. 
This new strategy was flawed, complex, 
poorly reviewed, poorly executed and poorly 
monitored. Given the portfolio’s success 
over time, we had become complacent, and 
we weren’t as rigorous and skeptical as we 
should have been. 
10
Overcome conflict avoidance
Sometimes people don’t ask hard ques-
tions because they want to avoid conflict. 
That cannot be the way we operate. 
Confronting people when necessary or 
asking hard questions is not an insult. It 
doesn’t mean you lack collegiality or don’t 
trust the individual. In fact, asking hard 
questions is what we owe one another to 
protect ourselves from mistakes and self-
inflicted wounds.
Risk Management 101: Controls must match risk
Controls, risk limits and authorities should 
be appropriate to the kind of activity being 
conducted. We should have had more 
and very specific rules and requirements 
around the synthetic credit portfolio – but 
we didn’t. Tighter and more appropri-
ately specific limits could have caught the 
problem earlier and reduced its impact. 
I know we will always make mistakes – 
that is unavoidable. What we continually 
strive for is to keep those mistakes small 
and infrequent. I certainly hope the London 
Whale is the largest mistake I am ever a 
part of. 
We had a gap in our fortress wall. For a 
company that prides itself on risk manage-
ment, this was a real kick in the teeth. You 
can rest assured we are focused on learning 
the right lessons, putting the right people 
and controls in place, and doing everything 
we can to prevent something like this from 
happening again. 
Trust and verify
That’s why we have a risk committee 
framework within the firm with extremely 
detailed reporting and many other checks 
and balances (like reputation committees, 
underwriting committees and others) to 
make sure we have a disciplined process 
in place to question our own thinking so 
we can spot mistakes before they do real 
damage. Our employees on risk and other 
committees are expected to ask questions, 
raise concerns and ensure that corrective 
action is taken – that is their job. Verifying 
does not mean you don’t have trust – it’s an 
acknowledgment that we operate in a tough 
and complex world. 

--- Page 13 ---
Problems don’t age well
To paraphrase some good advice, if you see 
anything that doesn’t look right, raise your 
hand and say something. We tell our people 
to escalate problems early so we can bring 
more resources to bear on solving them. And 
we don’t blame the messenger here. Those 
who highlight problems are doing this firm a 
great service. 
Continue to share what you know when you  
know it
On April 13, 2012, when we were announcing 
our earnings, we made some unfortunate 
statements, including my “tempest in a 
teapot” comment. At the time, everyone 
involved thought we had a small problem – 
nothing more. Several weeks later, when it 
became clear that we were dead wrong, we 
made an unusual and embarrassing public 
statement disclosing our mounting losses 
and communicating how wrong we had been 
just a few weeks earlier. We were right to 
share that information at that time. 
We also said we would give shareholders 
and investors much more informa-
tion on July 13, 2012, when we would be 
announcing 2Q12 earnings. We did just that, 
and, after reviewing tens of thousands of 
emails, reports and phone call tapes, we also 
restated our 1Q12 earnings. In the mean-
time, the company continued its extensive 
review, guided by the Board of Directors, 
and the Board independently conducted 
its own review as well. Both these reviews 
were made public in January of this year. 
All the recommendations from both reports 
have been or are in the process of being 
fully implemented. 
After finding out about the extent of the CIO 
problem, we started to actively reduce the 
risk in the synthetic credit portfolio. We told 
our shareholders that we hoped it would be 
a non-issue by the end of 2012, and it basi-
cally was. Today, the risk is a fraction of what 
it was.  We have transferred the remaining 
positions to the Investment Bank, which  
is well-suited to manage these exposures.  
We no longer maintain a synthetic credit 
portfolio in CIO.
Mistakes have consequences 
You also should know that we took strong 
action with those who were directly and 
indirectly involved. We replaced the manage-
ment team responsible for the losses, we 
invoked comprehensive clawbacks of 
previously granted awards and/or repay-
ment of previously vested awards for those 
with primary responsibility (more than 
$100 million was recaptured), we reduced 
or eliminated compensation for a group 
of employees, and your Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer saw their 
compensation reduced by the Board as a 
result of this embarrassing episode. 
Never lose sight of the main mission:  
serving clients 
When I realized the severity of the problem, 
I was completely aware that in addition to 
the financial loss, the regulatory, media and 
political pressures would be extreme – on me 
personally, on the senior management team 
and on the entire company. Much of this was 
deserved (and, believe me, we were our own 
toughest critic). I knew we would solve the 
CIO problem, but I worried that it would have 
an impact on our employees throughout the 
firm, their morale and their ability to stay 
focused on serving our clients. It would have 
been a terrible shame if the CIO problem was 
allowed to damage the rest of the company 
and detract from all the good things we do. 
Fortunately, that didn’t happen. Our people, to 
their great credit, continued to do their jobs, 
serving our clients and keeping the company 
on track – while those charged with fixing 
the CIO problem mitigated the impact and 
managed the exposure down. 
When the going got tough, we learned what the 
people of JPMorgan Chase are made of — and 
they made us proud
In this time of need, hundreds of our senior 
employees volunteered to step in and help. 
They worked around the clock, seven days 
a week, for many months to try to fix this 
problem and limit the damage. We can’t 
thank them enough. A company built on 
individuals like that is built to last.
11
