
--- Page 2 ---
Dear  shareholders, colleagues, customers, and partners:   
While  the start of  a new  decade typically brings hope, we quickly saw the world come to a near  standstill in 2020, conf ronted  
by compounding crises: a public health and economic crisis, persistent issues of  systemic racial injustice and inequity, and 
the  devastating ef f ects of  climate  change.  It  is  easy  to f all  prey  to  pessimism,  or  the  sense  that  we  individually  or  as  a 
company can’t make a dif f erence. But helplessness is corrosive to hope, and hope plus work is what  is required. Amid this 
disruption, what’s clear is that we  have  a once-in-a-generation  opportunity to harness digital technology to def ine the world 
we  want  to live in. And f or that, I  am optimistic.  
It is in times like these that our ability to stay true to Microsof t’s mission and corporate p urpose is of the utmost importance. 
As a  company, we  are  steadf ast in  our  mission  to  empower  every  person  and  every  organization  on  the  planet  to 
achieve  more. Our  mission is enduring.  It drives who we  are  and everything  we do, emphasizing  our passion to e mpower 
both people and the lasting institutions they build. And it means we  must always use technology to help address the world’s 
challenges, not create  new  ones.  
I’m  proud  of  how  our  ecosystem  of  customers  and  partners  has  stepped  up  over  the  past  year  to  help  people  and 
organizations in every  country use technology to be resilient  and transf orm during the  most trying of  circumstances. We’ve 
acted  as  digital f irst responders  to the  world’s  f irst responders,  supporting those  on  the  f ront lines,  f rom healt hcare,  to 
education,  to  public  sector, to  critical  manuf acturing,  grocery,  and  retail.  And  we’re  helping  organizations  navigate  the 
response, recovery, and reimagine  phases of  the crisis, equipping them not only to stay open f or business but to innovate. 
We’ve  witnessed years of  digital transf ormation in mere  months.  
Amid this rapid change, we delivered strong results: Our  commercial cloud surpassed $50  billion in revenue  f or the f irst time 
– up 36  percent year-over-year.  All-up, we delivered $143  billion in revenue,  $53  billion in operating income, and more than 
$60  billion in operating cash f low – and returned  $35  billion to shareholders.  
OUR  OPPORTUNITY   
Although  this year  has  taught  us  that  no  business is  100  percent  resilient,  those  f ortif ied by digital technology  are  more 
resilient  and  more  capable of  transf orming when  f aced with  sweeping  changes  like  those we  are  experiencing.  The  way  
people  interact  with  businesses  is  f undamentally  shif ting, and  there  is  no  going  back.  Digital  technology  is  the  most 
malleable  tool ever created, and we believe that businesses that use it to build their own digital capability will recover f a ster 
and emerge  stronger. At Microsof t, we call this dynamic tech intensity: adopting best-in-class digital tools and platf orms for 
the purpose of  building new, proprietary products and services.  
I’ve  been  inspired by the  ingenuity  and creativity of  so many  people and  organizations in  every  industry around  the world 
applying tech intensity to address big challenges, including those created  by COVID -19:  
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
In  healthcare,  Dr. Amanda  Randles  at  Duke  University  is  using  the  power  of  Azure  to conduct hundreds  of  
millions of  simulations required to help more patients have  access to critical ventilators.  
In the public sector, the state of  Calif ornia built 90 percent of  its COVID-19  inf rastructure with GitHub and Azure 
DevOps, reducing the  time it takes to stand up a new  website f rom 18 mont hs to just three  hours.  
In  telecom, two analysts at T-Mobile  used Power  Platf orm to build an app that helped the company keep retail 
associates employed and keep customers, including f irst responders, connected during the critical f irst weeks 
of  the crisis.  
In  retail, Patagonia  is  using  Dynamics  365  to  ship  inventory  directly  f rom  a  store  or  f rom  a  warehouse, 
optimizing to send single shipments to customers, while  reducing the load on all locations.  
In  education, the  University  of  Bologna in  Italy  moved 90  percent  of  courses f or its 80,000  students online  to 
Microsof t Teams within  three  days – a f irst in the university’s 900-plus year  history.  
•  And, in sports, the NBA is using our technology to reimagine  the game experience  so f ans can f eel like t hey’re 
together f rom the saf ety of  their homes and players can experience  the energy  of  cheering f ans  – virtually – in 
the arena.   
1 
 

--- Page 3 ---
We  are  living in the  era  of  the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge, which  is being shaped by rapid advances in distrib uted 
computing, ambient intelligence, and multisense, multidevice experiences. This  means  the places we  go and the things we 
interact with will increasingly become digitized, creating new opportunities and new breakthroughs: f rom precision medicine 
to precision agriculture, f rom personalized e-commerce to personalized education, and f rom connected manuf acturing f loors 
to connected homes.  
Our collective opportunity is to channel this intelligent cloud and intelligent edge era into tech intensity f or every o rganization 
on the planet. Our  customer solution areas  were  built f or this era. They  enable  people, organizations, and entire  industries 
to not only thrive but reimagine the world. So organizations can empower their employees, f ostering a new culture f or h ybrid 
work; engage customers intelligently and virtually; transf orm products with new  business models; and optimize operations 
to keep customers and employees saf e and secure.  
Across our  customer  solution areas,  we  are  expanding our  opportunity to help  ev ery  organization  in  every  industry build 
their  tech intensity – with  a business model that is trusted and aligned with their  success.  
Applications  and  Infrastructure   
More than  ever,  organizations are  relying on Azure  to stay up and running  and support critical workloads, f rom healthcare 
triage  with  AI-assisted  bots, to digital twins  in  manuf acturing,  to e-commerce  in  retail.  Today, leaders  in  every  industry – 
including 95  percent of  the  Fortune  500  –  run  on  Azure.  We  are  building Azure  as  the  world’s computer to support them, 
with more  datacenter regions than any  other provider – now 61.  
Fif ty billion devices will come online by 2030, and Azure  is the only cloud that extends to the edge, with consistency across 
operating models, development models, and inf rastructure stack. Azure  Arc enables organizations to deploy Azure services 
anywhere  and extend Azure  management  to any inf rastructure. Azure  Stack Edge brings rapid m achine  learning inf erencing 
closer to where  data is generated,  including the harshest  of  conditions, like disaster response. Our acquisitions of  Af firmed  
and Metaswitch,  along with  new  Azure  Edge Zones, expand our of f erings f or telecom operators as they mo ve to 5G.  And, 
with  Azure  Orbital, we’re  taking our inf rastructure  to space, enabling  anyone  to access satellite data and  capabilities f rom 
Azure.  
Data  and  AI  
There  will  be  175  zettabytes  of   data  by  2025,  and  processing this  data  in  real  time  will  be  an  imperative  f or every  
organization. At the data layer,  Azure  is the  only cloud with limitless data and analytics capabilities. Azure  Synapse brings  
together big data analytics and data warehousing,  enabling  data scientists to generate  immediate insights f ro m structured 
and unstructured  data. And together with Azure  SQL Hyperscale, Cosmos DB, and our other data services, we  are  able to 
deliver a cloud-native data estate f or every organization.  
In  AI, we  have  the most comprehensive portf olio of tools, f ramewo rks, and inf rastructure. Azure  Cognitive Services makes 
it easier  to build applications that  see,  hear,  speak,  search,  understand,  and  accelerate  decision -making.  Azure  Machine 
Learning  helps  organizations build and deploy models f aster, while  ensuring  they  can  do so responsibly and  saf ely. And, 
we  are  pushing  the  bounds of  how  AI  can  generalize  learning  beyond narrow  domains, collaborating with  OpenAI  on  a 
supercomputing platf orm to train  and run  AI  models of   unprecedented  scale.  Their  new  GPT-3  model was  trained  on our 
Azure  AI  supercomputer and constitutes a new  breakthrough in natural  language understanding and generation,  promising 
breakthrough scenarios within  our products and those of  our customers, when  saf ely deployed.  
Developer  Tools  
Today, the  majority of  job openings f or developers are  outside the  tech sector, and  developers will  increasingly  drive and 
inf luence every  business process and f unction. We have the  most used and loved developer tools to build any app f or  any 
platf orm. With the  world’s most popular code editing tools – Visual Studio and VS Code – developers are  more  productive 
than  ever. With GitHub, more than  50  million developers across 3 million organizations, including  
2 
 
  

--- Page 4 ---
the majority of  the Fortune  50, are  able to collaborate and build sof tware together. And, with Azure, they have best -in-class 
services to build cloud-native apps and modernize  existing ones.  
This  year,  we  went  f urther  to give  developers  new  tools to power  remote  development,  productivit y, and collaboration, 
wherever  they  are.  Codespaces brings together the  best of  GitHub, Visual  Studio, and Azure  to help  developers go f rom 
code to cloud in seconds. VS Live Share  enables real-time  collaboration between  developers, regardless  of  their location. 
And with  Azure  Communications  Services, any  developer  can  integrate  rich  communications APIs  into their  applications 
across any device, on any platf orm, using the same  reliable and secure  inf rastructure  that powers Teams.   
Power  Platform  
500  million apps will be created  by 2023  to drive transf ormation and productivity f or every organization. To accelerate  this, 
we must enable a new  category of  developers – citizen developers – equipping domain experts with tools that are low-code 
or  no-code to create  solutions that  solve their  unique  business needs  and  help  them  better  collaborate with  prof essional 
developers. With  Power  Platf orm, anyone  can  become a  citizen  developer,  able  to create  an  application, build a  virtual 
agent, automate a workf low, and analyze  data in hours or days, not weeks or months.  
Power BI is the clear leader  in business intelligence in the cloud. Power Virtual Agents enables anyone to build an intellige nt 
bot with  just a  point and click. And Power  Automate enables  customers to automate  manual  business  processes across 
both legacy and modern applications.  
Modern  Workplace   
Microsof t 365  is empowering  people and  organizations  to be  productive and  secure  as  they  adapt to more  f luid ways of  
working  and  learning.  The  PC  has  been  mission-critical  across work,  school, and  lif e to sustain  productivity in  a  remote 
everything  world. More than  1  billion active devices now  run  Windows 10,  and Of f ice 365  usage  is  higher  than  ever.  New 
Microsof t Edge – with enterprise-class  security – protects individuals’ privacy online and makes it easier  to f ind inf ormation 
at work. And with Surf ace, we  are reimagining  every layer  of  the stack – f rom how we inf use AI f rom the silicon up, to device 
f orm f actors, to the role of  operating systems – investing across f orm and f unction to create  new  device categories.  
The  past six months have served as the largest at-scale experiment we’ve  ever seen f or remote work. We’ve  been studying 
this closely to understand  the changing nature  of  productivity and are applying thes e learnings  to inf orm how we  build our 
products. We think about the f uture of  work through three  vectors. First, we are  creating a system of  collaboration for every  
organization. Work doesn’t begin and end inside a meeting, and with Teams,  we are  f ocused o n the entire workf low around 
a meeting –  bef ore, during, and af ter. It’s the only solution with  meetings, calls, chat, content collaboration with Of f ice, and 
business process workf lows, in a secure, integrated user experience. Second, learning in the f low of  work will be increasingly 
important. A  new  Teams  app will  help  organizations  skill, reskill, and  upskill employees, surf acing learning  content f rom 
LinkedIn  Learning  and other content providers. Finally, prioritizing employee well -being is core to an organization’s success. 
New  capabilities like Together  mode in Teams  help reduce cognitive load, while a new  “virtual  commute” will provide much -
needed structure  f or the remote  workday.  
Business Applications  
Dynamics  365  is  helping  organizations  in  every  industry  digitize  their  business operations  and  make  every  part  of  their 
operations  remote,  f rom  manuf acturing,  to  supply -chain  management,  to  sales  and  customer  service,  including  new 
scenarios  like contactless shopping. As much  as 73  percent  of  the data  in  the  world is still not being analyzed.  And f rom 
Dynamics 365  Customer  Insights  f or personalized  customer experiences  and  Dynamics  365  Commerce  f or omnichannel 
retail,  Dynamics 365  is  the  only AI-powered  business cloud that gives customers a  360-degree  view  of  their  business to 
unif y  data  and  unlock  insights.  And  the  combination  of   LinkedIn  Sales  Navigator  and  Dynamics  365  gives  sales 
prof essionals tools f or more ef f ective remote selling.  
3 
 

--- Page 5 ---
Amid  a  rapidly  changing  jobs  market,  LinkedIn’s  role  in  creating   economic  opportunity f or every  member  of  the  global 
workf orce  has  never  been  more  acute.  LinkedIn  is  where  more  than  706  million  prof essionals around  the  world  go  to 
connect, learn,  and  plan f or the  f uture. People are  turning  to LinkedIn  Learning  more  than  ever  to acquire  new  skills. And 
we are helping organizations attract, retain, and develop the best talent with our portf olio of Talent Solutions, Talent  Insi ghts, 
and Glint.  
Security  
Identity,  security,  management,  and  compliance  underlie  our  entire  tech  stack.  Cybercrime  will  cost  businesses, 
governments, and individuals $1 trillion this year, and the shif t to remote everything has only increased  the need f or a “Zer o 
Trust”  architecture  that  reduces  both cost and  complexity. We  are  the  only  company  that  of fers integrated,  end-to-end 
capabilities to protect people and organizations.  
In  identity, Azure  Active Directory now provides identity and  access management  to more than  345   million monthly active 
users across more than 200,000  organizations. In security, Def ender of fers broad coverage, spanning identities, cloud apps, 
devices, IoT,  and  more.  It  complements  Azure  Sentinel,  which  analyzes  security  signals across  the  entire  organization, 
using AI  to detect, investigate, and  automatically  remediate  threats.  In  device and  data management,  Microsof t Endpoint 
Manager  monitors  and  manages  an  organization’s  devices  in  a  unif ied management  platf orm. And,  in  compliance, we 
provide tools to help organizations govern their data and comply with increasing  regulatory requirements.   
Gaming  
Gaming is the  most expansive category in the entertainment  industry. Three  billion people around the world look to gaming 
f or entertainment,  community, and  achievement,  and  our  ambition is  to  empower  each  of   them,  wherever  they  pla y.  We 
saw  record  engagement  and  monetization  this  year,  led  by  strength  on  and  of f  console, as people  everywhere  turn  to 
gaming to connect, socialize, and play with  their f riends during a time of  social distancing.  
Our  Xbox  Game  Pass  service  now  has  more  than  15  million  subscribers.  Quality  dif f erentiated content  –  f rom Flight  
Simulator  to Minecraft  –  is the engine  behind the  service’s growth, and our  pending acquisition of  ZeniMax Media,  one of  
the  world’s largest,  privately held  game  developers and  publishers, will  add iconic f ranchises  to  the  more  than  100  high-
quality games  already  available.  We’re  also transf orming how  games are  distributed, played, and  viewed, bringing cloud 
gaming to Game  Pass, so subscribers can stream  games to a phone or tablet and  play along with nearly  100  million Xbox 
Live players.  
OUR  PURPOSE   
As  we  pursue  our  mission,  we  also  recognize  our  enormous  responsibility to  ensure  the  technology we  build  benef its 
everyone on the planet, including the planet itself . Our customers see t his urgent need and are  looking to us – in partnership 
with  them  –  to take  action.  We’re  committed to working across  the  public and  private  sectors to f oster partnerships  and 
solutions that  will have  lasting impact and  redef ine what  “achieve  more”  means  f o r the  world. For us,  “achieve  more”  has 
f our important attributes:  
Support  inclusive economic  opportunity   
First, we  must ensure  that  the  economic growth  we  drive  is  inclusive. This  starts with  protecting public  health.  COVID -19 
has underscored that without a healthy society, we cannot sustain a healthy  economy. That’s why, through our AI f or Health 
initiative, we’re  empowering  those working to tackle some of  the  toughest challenges  in  global health,  including those on 
the f ront lines of  COVID-19  research.  
It  also  requires  that  we  equip  everyone  with  the  skills, technology, and  opportunity to pursue  the  in -demand  jobs of  a 
changing  economy. We’re  accelerating  ef f orts to close the  skills and  broadband gaps,  ensuring  underrepresented  and 
overlooked communities can compete on equal ground. COVID -19  has intensif ied the need f or these ef f orts, forcing tens of 
millions of  people out of  work. That’s  why  we’re  bringing together assets f rom across Microsof t, inclusive of  LinkedIn  and 
GitHub, to help 25 million job seekers gain digital skills f or in-demand roles. We  are  also  
4 
 
  

--- Page 6 ---
working to expand broadband access to 40 million unserved and underserved people in rural  areas  globally, and to 3  million 
people in unserved and rural  communities in the  US by July 2022.   
We  also  prioritize  accessibility  in  our  culture,  products, and  services,  ensuring  we  use  technology  to  design  a  m ore 
accessible world f or the 1 billion-plus people around the world with disabilities. As we continue our own accessibility journey, 
we  seek to inspire and enable  others to advance theirs, including through our f ive-year investment in AI  f or Accessibility.  
Nonprof its are on the f ront lines of  solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. We make our technology af f ordable 
and  accessible  to  nonprof it organizations  around  the  world,  enabling  them  to  drive  greater  impact  f or the  causes  and 
communities they serve. This  year, we provided $1.9 billion in donated or discounted products and services to help 243,000 
nonprof its better serve their communities. And our employees donated an additional $221  million (including company match) 
through our employee giving program to the  organizations and causes they care  about.  
Protect fundamental  rights  
Second, we  unequivocally support the f undamental rights of  all people, f rom def ending democracy to addressing systemic 
racial injustice and inequity around the world . Recent  events are  shining a bright light on how much work there  is still to do. 
Seeing injustice in the world calls us all to take action.  
We’re  committed to addressing racial  injustice  and  inequity  f or the  Black and  Af rican  American  community  in  the  United 
States and  f or vulnerable  communities  globally. This  starts with  our  own  culture  at  Microsof t, extends to how  we  engage 
our suppliers and  partners to create  change,  and includes strengthening our communities. Our  ef f orts include investing an 
additional $150  million to advance racial justice and includes work on our own cultural  transf ormation, doubling the number 
of  Black-owned  suppliers  in  our  ecosystem, doubling the  percentage  of  our  transaction  volumes  through  Black -owned 
f inancial institutions, and accelerating  our justice ref orm initiatives.  
But we  can’t stop there. Democracy itself  is under  attack. That’s  why  we  are  helping protect the integrity of  our democratic 
processes and  institutions around  the  world through  our  Def ending Democracy Program, which  works with  governments, 
NGOs, academics, and industry to explore technological solutions to preserve and protect electoral processes an d to def end 
against disinf ormation.  
Commit  to a  sustainable  future   
Third,  we  must protect our  most f inite resource  – the  planet –  by working toward a  more sustainable  f uture. Over  the  past 
year,  we’ve  set ambitious climate goals and outlined detailed plans to achieve  them, including to be carbon negative, zero 
waste, and water  positive by 2030. We are also building a new planetary computing platf orm to help manage Earth’s natural 
systems. 
Addressing the  climate  crisis is good f or the planet  and good f or M icrosof t. That’s  why  we’re  innovating and  empowering 
customers, partners,  NGOs,  and  governments around  the  world with  technology to  help  them  set  and  achieve  their  own 
climate goals, including the creation of  a $1  billion Climate Innovation  Fund to accelerate  innovation.  
Earn  trust  
Finally,  we  are  committed to building  trust in  technology and its  use. Without  trust,  none  of  our  progress is possible. For 
Microsof t, trust is built on privacy, security, the responsible use of  AI, and transparency.   
Our  approach  to privacy  and  data  protection is  grounded in  our  belief  that  customers own  their  own  data.  Our  privacy 
principles  include  a  commitment  to  be  transparent  in  our  privacy  practices, to  of f er meaningf ul  privacy choices,  and  to 
responsibly manage  the  data  we  store and  process.  It’s  why  we  were  early  supporters of   the  European  Union’s  General 
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  and why  we were  the f irst major technology company  
5 
 

--- Page 7 ---
to expand  GDPR’s  core  rights to all  our  customers around  the  world. To  date, more  than  43 million  people have  visited 
these tools.  
Security is a central challenge in the digital age. In an increasingly complex world, technology alone is not enough to combat 
increasing  threats.  It  also  requires  partnerships,  both  with  governments  and  i ndustries.  Our  Digital  Crimes  Unit  –  an 
international  team  of  technical,  legal,  and  business experts  –  has  coordinated with  partners  across  countries  to disrupt 
threats targeting governments, universities, human  rights organizations, individuals, and more.  This  year, f or example, they 
took control of  domains being used to send COVID -19-themed  phishing emails in 62  countries.  
AI has  proved itself  to be a powerf ul tool f or tackling the kinds of  challenges that this year has highlighted. However, when  
we build AI, we  must do so responsibly, taking a principled approach and asking difficult questions, like not what technology 
can  do, but  what  should  it  do?  Fairness,  reliability  and  saf ety,  privacy  and  security,  inclusiveness,  transparency,  and 
accountability are  the ethical  principles that guide our work  and advocacy. Our  Of f ice of  Responsible AI helps  ensure  our 
products adhere to these principles. We’ve released guidelines, sof tware development tools, and other resources to enable 
our developer community to do the same.  
Finally, transparency is f oundational to trust, so we provide clear inf ormation on how we  run our business and how we work 
with customers and partners. We provide details on our CSR Reports Hub  covering everything f rom law enf orcement access 
to data, to environmental  data, details on our political activities,  workf orce demographics, and human  rights. 
OUR  CULTURE   
Ultimately,  we  will  only  achieve  our  mission  if   we  live  our  culture.  It  is  at  the  root  of   every  decision  we  make.  We 
f undamentally believe that we  need a culture f ounded in a growth mindset. It starts with a belief  that everyone can grow and 
develop; that  potential is  nurtured,  not  predetermined;  and  that  anyone  can  change  their  mindset. It’s  not  by claiming  a 
growth mindset but by knowing that  we  are  imperf ect but can  learn  and  get better that we  can  close the  gap between  our 
espoused culture and the  lived experience  f or every employee at the company.  
Our  success is dependent on our customers’ success, and we  need  to obsess about them  – listening and then  innovating 
to meet their unmet  and unarticulated  needs. No customer of  ours cares about our organizati onal boundaries, and we need 
to operate as One  Microsof t to deliver the best solutions f or them. Finally, we  need  to actively seek diversity and embrace 
inclusion to best serve our customers around the world and create a culture where  everyone can do their best work. Diversity 
and  inclusion  continues  to  be  a  core  priority  f or every  employee  at  Microsof t as  part  of   our  annual  perf ormance  and 
development approach. This  past year,  we  expanded  our  global allyship program,  adapting learning  experiences  f or the 
work  f rom home  conditions of  COVID-19.  As we  ref lect on our  opportunity to address  racial  injustice,  we  announced  our 
aspiration to increase  representation  and strengthen our culture  of  inclusion, including a commitment to double the number 
of  Black and Af rican American and Hispanic and Latinx people managers, senior individual contributors, and senior leaders 
in the US  by 2025.  
If  we  commit to being customer obsessed, operating as One Microsof t, and becoming more diverse and inclusive, I believe 
there  is no limit to what  we  can achieve.  
The  world  is at  an  inf lection point, and  digital technology will  be  key to def ining what  comes next.  Over  the  next  decade, 
technology spending as a percentage  of  gross domestic product is projected to double. And, we are  we ll  positioned to not 
only participate in that  growth but drive it by expanding our  impact and  building the  key technologies that  empower  every 
person and every  organization on the planet to achieve  more.  
Satya Nadella   
Chief  Executive Of f icer  
October 13, 2020   
6 
 
  
 

--- Page 8 ---
(In millions, except per share amounts) 
FINANCIAL  HIGHLIGHTS   
Year Ended June 30, 
Revenue 
Gross margin 
Operating income 
Net income 
Diluted earnings  per share 
Cash  dividends declared per common share 
Cash,  cash equivalents, and short-term 
investments 
Total assets 
Long-term  obligations 
Stockholders’ equity 
2020  
$ 143,015  
  96,937  
  52,959  
  44,281  
5.76  
2.04  
   136,527  
  301,311  
  110,697  
  118,304  
2019 (a) 
$ 125,843  
  82,933  
  42,959  
  39,240 (b) 
5.06 (b) 
1.84  
2018  
$ 110,360  
  72,007  
  35,058  
  16,571 (c) 
2.13 (c) 
1.68  
   133,819  
  286,556  
  114,806  
  102,330  
   133,768  
  258,848  
  117,642  
  82,718  
2017 (d)(e) 
2016 (d) 
$  96,571  
  62,310  
  29,025 (f) 
  25,489 (f) 
3.25 (f) 
1.56  
   132,981  
  250,312  
  106,856  
  87,711  
$  91,154  
  58,374  
  26,078 (g) 
  20,539 (g) 
2.56 (g) 
1.44  
   113,240  
  202,897  
  66,705  
  83,090  
 (a)  GitHub  has been  included  in our  consolidated  results of operations  starting  on the  October  25, 2018  acquisition  date.  
Includes  a  $2.6 billion  net  income  tax benefit  related  to  intangible  property  transfers  and  a  $157  million  net  charge 
(b) 
related  to  the  enactment  of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act (“TCJA”),  which  t ogether  increased  net  income  and  diluted 
earnings  per  share  (“EPS”)  by $2.4  billion  and  $0.31,  respectively.  Refer  to  Note  12  – Income  Taxes  of the  Notes  to 
Financial  Statements.  
Includes  a  $13.7  billion  net  charge  related  to  the  enactment  of  the  TCJA, which  decreased  net  income  and  diluted 
EPS by $13.7  billion  and  $1.75,  respectively. Refer  to Note  12 – Income  Taxes of the Notes  to Financial  Statements.  
(d)  Reflects the impact of the adoption  of new accounting  standards  in fiscal year 2018  related  to revenue  recognition  and 
(c) 
leases.  
(e)  LinkedIn  has  been  included  in  our  consolidated  results  of  operations  starting  on  the  December  8,  2016  acquisition 
(f ) 
(g) 
date.  
Includes $306  million of employee  severance  expenses primarily related  to our  sales and marketing  restructuring  plan, 
income,  net  income,  and  diluted  EPS  by  $306  million,  $243  million,  and  $0.04, 
which  decreased  operating 
respectively.  
Includes  $630  million  of  asset  impairment  charges  related  to  our  Phone  business  and  $480  million  of  restructuring 
charges  associated  with  our  Phone  business  restructuring  plans,  which  together  decreased  operating  income,  net 
income, and  diluted  EPS by $1.1 billion,  $895  million, and  $0.11,  respectively.  
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, DIVIDENDS, AND STOC K PERFORMANCE  
SHARE  REPURCHASES  AND DIVIDENDS  
Share  Repurchases   
On  September 20,  2016,  our  Board  of  Directors approved  a  share  repurchase  program authorizing  up  to $40.0  billion in 
share  repurchases.  This  share  repurchase  program commenced in December 2016  and was completed in February 2020.   
On  September 18,  2019,  our  Board  of  Directors approved  a  share  repurchase  program authorizing  up  to $40.0  billion in 
share  repurchases.  This  share  repurchase  program commenced  in  February  2020,  f ollowing completion of  the  program 
approved  on  September 20,  2016,  has  no  expiration  date,  and  may  be  terminated  at  any  time.  As  of  June 30,  2020,  
$31.7  billion remained  of  this $40.0  billion share  repurchase  program.  
7 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 9 ---
We  repurchased  the f ollowing shares of  common stock under the share  repurchase  programs:  
(In millions) 
Year Ended June 30, 
First Quarter 
Second Quarter 
Third  Quarter 
Fourth Quarter 
Total 
Shares 
Amount  Shares 
Amount  Shares 
2020 
29  $  4,000 
4,600 
32 
6,000 
37 
28 
5,088 
126  $   19,688 
2019 
24  $  2,600 
6,100 
57 
3,899 
36 
33 
4,200 
150  $   16,799 
Amount 
2018 
22  $  1,600 
1,800 
22 
3,100 
34 
21 
2,100 
99  $  8,600 
Shares  repurchased  during the  f ourth quarter  of  f iscal year  2020  were  under  the  share  repurchase  program approved on 
September 18,  2019.  Shares  repurchased  during  the  third  quarter  of  f iscal year  2020  were  under  the  share  repurchase 
programs approved on  both  September 20,  2016  and  September 18,  2019.  All  other  shares  repurchased  were  under  the 
share  repurchase  program  approved  on  September 20,  2016.  The  above  table  excludes  shares  repurchased  to settle 
employee tax withholding related to the vesting of  stoc k awards of  $3.3 billion, $2.7  billion, and $2.1 billion f or f iscal years 
2020,  2019,  and 2018,  respectively. All share  repurchases  were  made using cash resources.   
Dividends  
Our  Board of  Directors declared the f ollowing dividends:  
Declaration Date 
Fiscal Year 2020 
September  18, 2019 
December  4, 2019 
March  9, 2020 
June  17, 2020 
Total 
Fiscal Year 2019 
September 18, 2018 
November 28, 2018 
March  11, 2019 
June  12, 2019 
Total 
Record Date 
Payment Date 
November  21, 2019  December  12, 2019 
March  12, 2020 
February  20, 2020 
June  11, 2020 
May  21, 2020 
August  20, 2020  September  10, 2020 
Dividend 
Per Share 
Amount 
  (In millions)  
$    0.51  $  3,886 
3,876 
3,865 
3,861 
$  2.04  $  15,488 
0.51 
0.51 
0.51 
November 15, 2018  December 13, 2018 
March  14, 2019 
February  21, 2019 
June  13, 2019 
May 16, 2019 
August 15, 2019  September 12, 2019 
$  0.46  $  3,544 
3,526 
3,521 
3,510 
0.46 
0.46 
0.46 
$  1.84  $  14,101 
The  dividend declared on June 17, 2020  was included in other current  liabilities as of  June 30,  2020.  
8 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 10 ---
STOCK  PERFORMANCE   
COMPARISON  OF 5 YEAR  CUMULATIVE  TOTAL  RETURN*   
Among Microsof t Corporation, the S&P 500  Index  
and the NASDAQ Computer  Index  
Microsoft  Corporation 
S&P 500 
NASDAQ  Computer 
6/15 
 100.00  
 100.00  
 100.00  
6/16 
 119.12  
 103.99  
 102.87  
6/17 
 164.45  
 122.60  
 142.49  
6/18 
 239.83  
 140.23  
 187.03  
6/19 
 331.13  
 154.83  
 203.97  
6/20 
 509.27  
 166.45  
 296.29  
*  $100  invested on 6/30/15  in stock or index, including reinvestment  of  dividends.  
9 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  

--- Page 11 ---
Note  About  Forward-Looking  Statements   
This  report  includes estimates, projections, statements relating  to our  business plans, objectives, and expected operating 
results  that  are  “f orward-looking statements”  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private  Securities  Litigation Ref orm  Act of  1995,  
Section 27A  of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  and  Section 21E  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934.  Forward -looking 
statements may appear throughout this report, including the f ollowing sections: “Business”, and “Management’s  Discussion 
and Analysis of  Financial Condition and Results  of  Operations”. These  f orward -looking statements generally  are  identif ied 
by the words “believe,”  “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,”  “intend,”  “strategy,” “f uture,” “opportunity,” “plan,”   “may,” 
“should,” “will,”  “would,” “will  be,” “will  continue,” “will likely result,”  and similar expressions. Forward -looking statements are 
based on current  expectations and assumptions that are  subject to risks and uncertainties  that may cause actual results to 
dif f er materially. We  describe risks and uncertainties  that could cause actual  results and events to dif f er materially in “Risk 
Factors,” “Management’s  Discussion and Analysis of  Financial Condition and Results of  Operations,” and “Quantitative and 
Qualitative  Disclosures about Market  Risk” in  our  f iscal year  2020  Form  10-K.  Readers  are  cautioned  not to place  undue 
reliance  on  f orward-looking statements,  which  speak  only as  of  the  date  they  are  made.  We  undertake  no  obligation to 
update or revise publicly any f orward -looking statements, whether  because of  new inf ormation, f uture events, or otherwise.  
BUSINESS  
GENERAL  
Embracing  Our Future   
Microsof t is a  technology company whose  mission  is  to  empower  every  person  and  every  organization  on the  planet  to 
achieve  more.  We  strive to create  local opportunity, growth, and  impact in  every  country around  the  world. Our  platf orms 
and  tools help  drive  small  business productivity, large  business competitiveness, and  public -sector ef f iciency. They  also 
support new startups, improve educational and health  outcomes, and empower human  ingenuity. As the world responds to 
the outbreak of  a novel strain  of  the coronavirus (“COVID -19”),  we  are  working to do our part by ensuring  the  saf ety of  our 
employees, striving to protect the health  and well-being  of  the communities in which  we  operate, and providing technology 
and resources to our customers to help them do their  best work while  remote.  
We  continue  to  transf orm  our  business  to  lead  in  the  new  era  of  the  intelligent  cloud  and  intelligent  edge.  We  bring 
technology and products together into experiences and solutions that unlock value f or our customers. Our unique role as a 
platf orm and tools provider allows us to connect the dots, bring together an ecosystem of  partners, and enable organizations 
of  all sizes to build the digital capability required to address these  challenges.  
In this next phase of  innovation, computing is more powerf ul and ubiquitous from the cloud to the edge. Artificial intelligence 
(“AI”)  capabilities are rapidly advancing, f ueled by data and knowledge of  the world. Physical and virtual worlds are  coming 
together  with  the  Internet  of  Things  (“IoT”)  and  mixed  reality  to  create  richer  experiences  that  understand  the  context 
surrounding  people, the  things they  use,  the  places they go, and  t heir  activities and  relationships. A person’s  experience 
with  technology spans a multitude of  devices and has become increasingly more natural  and multi -sensory with  voice, ink, 
and gaze  interactions.  
What  We  Offer   
Founded in 1975,  we  develop and support sof tware, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new  value  f or customers 
and help people and businesses realize  their  f ull potential.  
We  of f er an  array  of  services, including cloud -based solutions that  provide customers with  sof tware, services,  platf orms, 
and content, and we  provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant  online advertising to a global  
audience.  
10 
 
