
--- Page 2 ---
Dear shareholders, colleagues, customers, and partners:   
Thank  you  for  your  continued  commitment  and  investment  in  Microsoft.  Our  tremendous  progress  and  impact  over  the 
past year would not have been possible without your trust and belief in our mission.  
Fiscal 2019 was a record-breaking year for our company. We delivered more than $125 billion in revenue, $43 billion in 
operating income, and more than $50 billion in operating cash flow – and returned more than $30 billion to shareholders. 
Our  commercial  cloud  business  is  the  largest  in  the  world,  surpassing  $38 billion  in  revenue  for  the  year,  with  gross 
margin expanding to 63 percent. I am proud of how we are helping organizations of every size in every industry innovate 
and thrive using  our platforms and  tools. And I  am proud of how we are empowering everyone  – consumers, students, 
teachers,  and  the  more  than  2 billion  firstline  workers  around  the  world  –  with  experiences  to  help  them  always  feel 
confident, capable, and in control.  
Our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more has never been more 
important. At a time when many are calling attention to the role technology plays in society broadly, our mission remains 
constant. It grounds us in the enormous opportunity and responsibility we have to ensure that the technology we create 
always benefits everyone on the planet, including the planet itself. Our platforms and tools help make small businesses 
more  productive,  multinationals  more  competitive,  nonprofits  more  effective,  and  governments  more  efficient.  They 
improve healthcare and education outcomes, amplify human ingenuity, and allow people everywhere to reach higher.  
Today, every company is a technology company, and every organization will increasingly need to build its own proprietary 
technology solutions to compete and grow. Organizations that embrace this approach – something I call “tech intensity” – 
will not only adopt best-in-class software and services but also build their own digital capability.  
I  believe  the  next  big  technology  breakthroughs  will  come  not  only  from  technology  companies  like  Microsoft,  but  from 
retailers,  healthcare  providers,  and  manufacturers,  working  in  partnership  with  us.  Every  day,  we  work  alongside  our 
customers  and  partners  to  help  them  build  their  own  digital  capability  –  innovating  with  them,  creating  new  businesses 
with them, and earning their trust. We want them to become independent with us, not dependent on us.  
Our commitment to our customers’ success is resulting in deeper partnerships, larger, multiyear cloud agreements, and 
growing momentum across every layer of our differentiated technology stack – from application infrastructure, to data and 
artificial intelligence (AI), to business process,  to productivity and collaboration. One of the great  privileges  of my job is 
seeing our customers’ tech intensity in action around the world:  
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
In rural South Africa, Dr. Raymond Campbell saw an opportunity to bring mobile healthcare to communities 
where it’s needed most to address pressing and preventable health issues like diabetes, heart disease, and 
tuberculosis.  His  company,  Phulukisa  Health  Solutions,  is  now  introducing  basic  healthcare  screening  to 
remote areas with an Azure-powered backpack.  
In Australia, Dr. David Kellerman, a senior lecturer at UNSW Sydney, is using Microsoft 365 to bring together 
all his students  – those in his classroom and those watching online  – so they can learn together no  matter 
where they  are. Students report that they are happier and more  engaged and say they feel as though they 
are part of a single learning community.  
In the seaside city of Ise, Japan, a family-owned restaurant is relying on Azure ML, along with Power BI, to 
forecast sales so it can better tailor its menu to meet customers’ tastes. It was an initiative spearheaded by 
employee, Akiyoshi Shinobu, who went from waiting tables to teaching herself machine learning to digitally 
transform the restaurant where she worked.  
In  Fjaroaal,  Iceland,  Birna  Dögg,  along  with  other  firstline  workers  at  the  Alcoa  smelting  plant,  are  using 
Microsoft Teams to create a new culture of work. For the first time, any employee at the plant can schedule 
shifts on the go and share updates with colleagues, giving every worker a voice.  
In Detroit, Ford Motor Co. is using GitHub as its software development platform to build the cars of the future. 
More than 8,000 Ford Motor employees use it to innovate at a much faster pace and collaborate with a vast 
ecosystem of third-party software developers around the world.  
1 
 

--- Page 3 ---
•  And, in nearly every country, leading companies – from AT&T and Daimler to Walgreens Boots Alliance and 
Walmart  –  are  partnering  with  us  to  build  the  technology  they  need  to  compete  and  innovate  in  a  time  of 
unprecedented change.  
TECHNOLOGY BREAKTHROUGHS AND PROGRESS  
Computing  is  becoming  embedded  in  the  world  –  in  every  place  and  every  thing.  This  era  of  the  intelligent  cloud  and 
intelligent  edge  is  shaping  the  next  phase  of  innovation,  powering  intelligent  systems  and  experiences  that  previously 
would have been unimaginable, and transforming nearly everything around us. Across our businesses, we are innovating 
to empower our customers, and investing in large and growing markets to help them digitally transform – today and long 
into the future.  
Applications and Infrastructure  
In a world where every company is a digital company, developers will play an increasingly vital role in value creation and 
growth across every industry, and GitHub is their home. Since our acquisition of GitHub last fall, growth has accelerated. 
Today it’s used by more than 40 million developers, including those who work at the majority of the Fortune 50. Beyond 
GitHub, we are investing to build the most complete toolchain for developers  – independent of language, framework, or 
cloud. Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code are now the most popular code-editing tools in the world. And TypeScript is 
one of the fastest-growing programming languages.  
We are building Azure as the world’s computer, addressing customers’ real-world operational sovereignty and regulatory 
needs. Today, 95 percent of the Fortune 500 trust Azure for their mission-critical workloads. We have more compliance 
certifications and more datacenter regions than any other cloud provider, and this year, we were the first to open cloud 
datacenters in the Middle East and in South Africa. We also opened new government regions to meet the public sector’s 
stringent requirements for maintaining the security and integrity of classified workloads. Azure remains the only cloud that 
extends to the edge, and our new cloud-to-edge services and devices – from Azure Data Box Edge to Azure Stack HCI – 
bring the full power of Azure to where data is generated.  
Data and AI  
The variety, velocity, and volume of data is increasing – with 50 billion connected devices coming online by 2030, more 
than  double  the  number  today  –  and  Azure  is  the  only  cloud  with  limitless  data  and  analytics  capabilities  across  our 
customers’ entire data estate. We brought hyperscale capabilities to our relational database services for the first time this 
year, and we offer the most comprehensive cloud analytics – from Azure Data Factory to Azure SQL Data Warehouse to 
Power BI.  
The quintessential characteristic for every application going forward will be AI, and we believe it cannot be the exclusive 
province  of  a  few  companies  or  countries.  That’s  why  we  are  democratizing  AI  infrastructure,  tools,  and  services  with 
Azure Cognitive Services, so any developer can embed the ability to see, hear, respond, translate, reason, and more into 
their applications. Azure Cognitive Services is the most  comprehensive  portfolio of AI tools available, and this year, we 
added  new  speech-to-text,  search,  vision,  and  decision  capabilities,  as  well  as  updates  to  Azure  Machine  Learning  to 
streamline the building, training, and deployment of machine learning models.  
Business Applications  
Dynamics 365 uniquely enables any organization to create digital feedback loops that take data from one system and use 
it to optimize the outcomes of another, enabling any business to become AI-first. This year, we introduced Dynamics 365 
AI, a new class of AI application built for an era where systems of record and engagement are converted into intelligence. 
And the Open Data Initiative we launched with Adobe and SAP last fall takes this even further, delivering on our vision to 
enable data to be exchanged and enriched across systems to provide unparalleled business insight.  
2 
 
  

--- Page 4 ---
We are enabling our customers to digitize not only their business processes but to bridge the physical and digital worlds 
with our investments in mixed-reality cloud. The new HoloLens 2 is the most advanced, intelligent edge device available, 
offering two times the field of view and three times the comfort as the previous version. And, together with Dynamics 365 
and new Azure mixed-reality services, it enables organizations to digitize physical spaces and interactions and empower 
their firstline employees with the right information at the right time, in the context of their work.  
Our Power Platform – spanning Power BI, PowerApps, and Flow – enables anyone in an organization to start building an 
intelligent  app  or  workflow  where  none  exists.  It  brings  together  low-code,  no-code  app  development,  robotic  process 
automation, and self-service analytics into a single, comprehensive platform. This year, we introduced new capabilities to 
make it much easier and faster for anyone to build higher-quality PowerApps. And, with Power BI, we are the recognized 
leader in business intelligence in the cloud, with more than 25 million models hosted on the service and 12 million queries 
processed each hour.  
LinkedIn  now  has  more  than  645 million  members  and  is  the  most  comprehensive  solution  for  every  organization  to 
manage and engage their most important resource – their talent. Our Talent portfolio – from Talent Solutions and Talent 
Insights, to employee  engagement with Glint and LinkedIn Learning  – enables every organization to attract,  retain, and 
develop  the  best  talent  in  an  increasingly  competitive  jobs  market.  And  we  are  innovating  with  new  experiences  for 
customers  that  leverage  the  LinkedIn  and  Microsoft  Graphs,  introducing  new  integrations  with  Dynamics  365  and 
Microsoft 365.  
Modern Workplace  
Microsoft  365  empowers  everyone  –  enterprises,  small  businesses,  and  firstline  workers  –  with  an  integrated,  secure 
experience that transcends any one device. We are helping every business build out their system of communication and 
collaboration to drive their productivity as well as their business transformation. We are infusing AI across Microsoft 365 to 
enable new automation, prediction, translation, and insights capabilities. Meetings are more inclusive in Microsoft Teams, 
presentations  more  accessible in PowerPoint, videos more searchable in Stream, and emails  more  relevant in  Outlook. 
And  with  Workplace  Analytics  and  Microsoft  Search,  we  distill  knowledge  and  insights  from  data  to  help  people  work 
smarter, not longer. Office  365 Commercial has 180 million users.  Our EMS install  base exceeded 100 million.  And the 
Outlook apps on iOS and Android also surpassed more than 100 million users for the first time.  
Microsoft Teams had a breakout year with more than 13 million daily active users and 19 million weekly active  users. It 
brings  together  everything  a  team  needs  into  a  single,  integrated  user  experience.  And  we  are  broadening  our 
opportunity, bringing  Teams for the first time to  new and underpenetrated  markets including  healthcare, hospitality, and 
retail,  as  well  as  firstline  workers.  Windows  10  is  active  on  more  than  900 million  devices,  with  accelerating  adoption 
across both enterprise and consumer as the most secure and productive operating system. And, we expanded our family 
of Surface devices this year – including the new Surface Go and Surface Hub 2S. And, just this month, we unveiled the 
new Surface Duo and Surface Neo to inspire new categories focused on productivity and creativity.  
Gaming  
In gaming, we are pursuing our expansive opportunity to transform how games are distributed, played, and viewed. Our 
new  breakthrough  game  streaming  technology,  Project  xCloud,  will  enter  public  trials  this  fall.  It  will  put  gamers  at  the 
center of their gaming experience, enabling them to play games in high-fidelity wherever and whenever they want, on any 
device.  
Microsoft Game Stack brings together our tools and services to empower game developers  – from independent creators 
to the biggest game studios – to build, operate, and scale cloud-first games across mobile, PC, and console. Our growing 
Xbox  Live  community  is  key  to  our  approach,  and  for  the  first  time  we  are  enabling  developers  to  reach  these  highly 
engaged  gamers  on  iOS  and  Android.  Finally,  we  increased  our  first-party  game  studios  to  15  this  year  to  deliver 
differentiated  content  for  our  fast-growing  subscription  services  like  Xbox  Game  Pass,  which  is  now  available  on  both 
console and PC.  
3 
 
  

--- Page 5 ---
TRUST  
Along with this expanding opportunity comes great responsibility. At its core, responsibility is about earning and sustaining 
the trust of the customers and partners we empower and the communities in which we live and work. Without trust, none 
of our progress is possible.  
Trust  begins  with  our  commitment  to  shared  success  and  prosperity.  Our  customers  want  a  partner  whose  business 
model  is  fundamentally  aligned  to  their  success.  No  customer  wants  to  be  dependent  on  a  provider  that  sells  them 
technology on one end and competes with them on the other.  
This focus on trust extends to ensuring that those who use our products and services have confidence in the underlying 
technology  itself.  There  are  three  pillars  to  our  approach:  privacy,  cybersecurity,  and  responsible  AI.  Across  each,  our 
commitment  goes  beyond  words  to  real  actions,  providing  tools  and  frameworks  for  our  customers  and  working 
collaboratively with the public sector to drive policy change.  
The first pillar is privacy. We believe privacy is a fundamental human right. Our approach to privacy and data protection is 
grounded  in  our  belief  that  customers  own  their  own  data  and  ensuring  any  product  or  service  we  provide  is  built  with 
privacy by design from the ground up. We’ve defined clear privacy principles that include a commitment to be transparent 
in  our  privacy  practices,  to  offer  meaningful  privacy  choices,  and  to  always  responsibly  manage  the  data  we  store  and 
process.  It’s  why  we  were  early  supporters  of  the  European  Union’s  General  Data  Protection  Regulation  (GDPR),  and 
why  we  were  the  first  company  to  expand  GDPR’s  core  rights  to  all  our  customers  around  the  world.  To  date,  some 
26 million  people  have  used  these  tools,  including  10 million  Americans.  And  it’s  why  we  continue  to  advocate  for  new 
privacy laws to ensure customers enjoy the transparency and control they rightfully deserve.  
The  second  pillar  is  cybersecurity  –  a  central  challenge  for  every  customer.  We  are  investing  to  protect  customers  in 
today’s  “zero  trust”  environment.  We  analyze  more  than  6.5  trillion  signals  each  day,  and  process  450 billion 
authentications and scan 400 billion emails for malware and phishing each month. This massive signal generates insight 
that fuels security innovation across Azure, Dynamics 365, Microsoft 365 – all our products and services. We are the only 
company  that  offers  end-to-end  security  –  spanning  identity,  device  endpoints,  information,  cloud  applications,  and 
infrastructure. It starts with Azure Active Directory and builds with three new services we introduced this year: Microsoft 
Threat Protection, Azure Sentinel, and Azure Confidential Computing. We are also taking an ecosystem-wide approach, 
partnering  across  both  the  tech  sector  and  the  public  sector  to  address  new  threats  in  an  increasingly  complex  and 
heterogenous  world.  We  have  taken  the  lead  in  bringing  together  governments,  technology  companies,  and 
nongovernmental organizations to work collaboratively to combat emerging cybersecurity threats and promote a safe and 
secure digital world. We know it’s only a start, but we are encouraged by what’s been achieved, including partnering with 
the  government  of  France  to  mobilize  more  than  60  countries,  350  companies,  and  130  international  and 
nongovernmental organizations to join The Paris Peace Call for Trust and Security in Cyberspace.  
And, finally, we build AI responsibly, taking a principled approach and asking difficult questions, like not what computers 
can  do,  but  what  computers  should  do.  We’ve  been  inspired  by  what  AI  can  do  in  the  hands  of  changemakers  who 
harness it to address society’s most pressing challenges. It’s why this year we announced two new programs in our AI for 
Good initiative: AI for Humanitarian Action and AI for Cultural Heritage as well as continuing to expand our efforts in AI for 
Earth  and  AI  for  Accessibility.  At  the  same  time,  we  must  also  guard  against  the  unintended  consequences  of  AI.  We 
believe there is an important discussion to be convened about how these new technologies should be used. One example 
of  this  is  our  call  for  more  thoughtful  government  regulation  on  facial  recognition  technology,  because  we  believe  a 
technology as powerful as this requires both the public and private sectors to develop norms around acceptable uses.  
4 
 
  

--- Page 6 ---
ENVIRONMENTAL AND CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  
Beyond these three pillars, we are working to foster a sustainable future where everyone has access to the benefits and 
opportunities created  by technology. As a reflection of the importance we  place on advancing environmental and social 
progress, Microsoft’s board of directors has a Regulatory and Public Policy Committee that works together with me, my 
leadership team, and others across Microsoft to oversee our commitments to environmental sustainability and corporate 
social  responsibility.  No  single  company  is  going  to  solve  macro  challenges  like  climate  change  alone,  but  as  a  global 
technology  company,  we  are  well-positioned  to  enable  and  accelerate  digital  transformations  that  lead  to  a  low-carbon 
future.  That  is  why  we  are  stepping  up  our  commitment.  Over  the  past  year,  we  expanded  our  work  through  our 
operations,  investments,  partnerships,  and  advocacy  across  initiatives  spanning  both  environmental  and  social 
responsibility.  
•  We continue to operate carbon neutral across our worldwide operations, driven by an internal carbon tax, as 
we have every year since 2012. And we’ve taken new steps over the past year to align our carbon-reduction 
efforts with the latest climate science by setting a goal to reduce our operational emissions by 75 percent by 
2030, which puts us on a path to exceed the ambitions of the Paris Accord two decades ahead of schedule. 
This  year,  we  raised  our  carbon  fee  to  $15  per  metric  ton,  a  near  doubling  of  the  previous  fee,  to  put 
sustainability  at  the  core  of  every  part  of  our  business.  We’re  also  extending  our  carbon  reduction  targets 
beyond  our  own operations. We will cut carbon emissions by 30 percent across our global supply chain by 
2030. And in October, we extended our carbon-neutrality commitment to our products and devices with a pilot 
to make 825,000 Xbox consoles carbon neutral.  
•  We are committed to ensuring our datacenters are among the most sustainable in the world. By the end of 
this year, we will achieve our target of powering our datacenters with 60 percent renewable energy and will 
aim  to  reach  70 percent  renewable  energy  within  the  next  four  years.  In  fact,  when  I  was  in  Sweden  this 
spring,  we  announced  our  plans  to  build  some  of  the  most  advanced  and  sustainable  datacenters  to  date, 
powered from 100 percent renewable energy and with zero-waste operations.  
•  And, we are also working with our customers and partners to help them use technology to reduce their own 
environmental  footprints  and  create  their  own  solutions  for  a  more  sustainable  planet.  Our  AI  for  Earth 
program,  as  an  example,  has  expanded  access  to  massive  environmental  data  sets  that  can  help  others 
generate valuable insights about the health of our planet, including the conditions of our air, water, land, and 
the well-being of our wildlife. And it supports organizations that are applying AI to environmental challenges, 
by helping them harness the full power of cloud computing.  
•  We are working with organizations around the world to enable young people – including those who identify as 
female and under-represented minorities – with the digital skills required for the future. For example, we are 
the  largest  funder  of  Code.org,  which  teaches  coding  skills  and  reaches  students  in  almost  every  country. 
And this year marks the 10-year anniversary of our Technology Education and Literacy in Schools (TEALS) 
Program, which helps build and grow sustainable computer science programs by connecting volunteers from 
Microsoft  and other  firms with  teachers to  team  teach computer science in hundreds of high schools in the 
U.S. and British Columbia, Canada.  
•  We know that there is a broadband gap, and that’s why, in the U.S., our Airband program is using a mixed-
technology approach, including TV whitespaces, to connect 3 million people living in unserved rural areas to 
broadband by 2022. And we’re working in more than 20 countries, harnessing this same technology to bring 
broadband to rural communities elsewhere.  
•  We also know that access to affordable housing is a significant barrier for many, and this year, we launched a 
major  initiative  to  expand  housing  options  for  people  who  work  in  the  Puget  Sound  region  where  we  are 
headquartered. We believe that everyone should be able to choose to live in the community where they work, 
not just our employees and business partners, but all those who serve the broader community, from teachers 
and small-business owners, to first responders and medical practitioners. It’s why we are putting $500 million 
to work in loans and grants to accelerate the construction of more affordable housing in the region.  
5 
 
  

--- Page 7 ---
•  Finally,  more  broadly,  we’ve  expanded  our  support  for  the  nonprofit  sector.  We  work  closely  with  nonprofit 
organizations to help them accelerate their organizational transformation with technology, and, in fiscal 2019, 
Microsoft  donated  or  provided  discounted  software  and  services  worth  more  than  $1.5 billion  via  Microsoft 
Philanthropies.  Our  employees  generously  donated  an  additional  $170 million  (including  company  match) 
through our employee giving program to support nonprofits in local communities around the world.  
CULTURE  
At its core, Microsoft’s strength lies in our talented people. It is a privilege to lead Microsoft employees around the world 
who  work  every  day  to  earn  our  customers’  trust  and  help  them  succeed.  We’ve  long  recognized  the  importance  of 
prioritizing the physical, emotional, and financial well-being of our employees and their families, providing industry-leading 
benefits, including paid vacation and sick leave, as well as paid leaves of absence for a variety of life situations, including 
welcoming a new child or taking care of a family member with a serious health condition.  
We  are  on  a  journey  to  close  the  gap  between  our  espoused  culture  and  the  lived  experience  for  every  employee  at 
Microsoft.  Each  day  we  practice  customer  obsession  –  listening  and  then  innovating  to  meet  customers’  unarticulated 
needs.  We  operate  as  One  Microsoft  to  build  and  deliver  the  best  solutions  for  customers.  And  we  strive  to  make  our 
workplace  more  diverse  and  inclusive  to  serve  our  diverse  customers  around  the  world  and  create  a  workplace  where 
everyone can do their best work. Since fiscal 2016, we have increased the number of women corporate vice presidents by 
152 percent. We’ve increased the number of African American/Black and Hispanic/Latinx employees in nonretail roles by 
54 percent. And this past fiscal year, more than half of our U.S.-based interns were women, African American/Black, or 
Hispanic/Latinx. Diversity and inclusion continue to be a core priority for every employee and leader at Microsoft as part of 
our  annual  performance  and  development  approach.  And  this  past  year  we  strengthened  the  connection  between  our 
growth  mindset  culture  and  our  approach  to  diversity  and  inclusion  by  introducing  a  science-based,  global  allyship 
program.  
At  the  board  level,  the  slate  of  directors  nominated  for  election  at  the  2019  annual  shareholders  meeting  includes  five 
women  (accounting  for  38 percent  of  our  directors)  and  two  of  our  four  board  committees  will  be  chaired  by  women. 
Overall,  more  than  half  of  our  nominees  (54  percent)  represent  gender  or  ethnic  diversity.  Representation  is  only  one 
measure of progress, and we must keep pushing to do more, but I’m encouraged by our progress. Culture transformation 
is a continuous process of learning, renewal, and having the everyday courage to confront our own fixed mindsets, while 
remaining true to our enduring values of respect, integrity, and accountability.  
In closing, at our partner conference this year, I talked about how our more than 140,000 employees, combined with our 
17 million partners and our 75 million customers, have a collective opportunity to improve the lives of the 7 billion people 
on the planet through the power of technology. Everything we do is driven by this deep sense of purpose. We will continue 
to work alongside our customers to help them build their own digital capability and work to earn their trust every day. We 
will continue to innovate across the cloud and edge to help our customers thrive – today and long into the future. And we 
will continue to invest in large and growing markets to expand our opportunity.  
As I reflect on this fiscal year, I’m proud of our progress and impact. And I’m even more optimistic about the opportunity 
ahead.  
Satya Nadella  
Chief Executive Officer  
October 16, 2019  
6 
 
  
  
 

--- Page 8 ---
(In millions, except per share amounts) 
Year Ended June 30, 
Revenue 
Gross margin 
Operating income 
Net income 
Diluted earnings per share 
Cash dividends declared per share 
Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term 
investments 
Total assets 
Long-term obligations 
Stockholders’ equity 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  
2019 (a)   
$ 125,843  
82,933  
42,959  
39,240(b) 
5.06 (b) 
1.84  
   133,819  
  286,556  
  114,806  
  102,330  
2018    
$  110,360  
72,007  
35,058  
16,571(c) 
2.13(c) 
1.68  
    133,768  
  258,848  
  117,642  
82,718  
2017 (d)(e)  
2016 (d)  
$  96,571  
62,310  
29,025 (f) 
25,489 (f) 
3.25 (f) 
1.56  
   132,981  
  250,312  
  106,856  
87,711  
$  91,154  
58,374  
26,078 (g) 
20,539 (g) 
2.56 (g) 
1.44  
2015   
$  93,580  
60,542  
18,161(h) 
12,193(h) 
1.48(h) 
1.24  
   113,240  
  202,897  
66,705  
83,090  
96,526  
    174,303  
44,574  
80,083  
(b) 
(c) 
(f) 
(g) 
(h) 
(a)  GitHub  has  been  included  in  our  consolidated  results  of  operations  starting  on  the  October 25,  2018  acquisition 
date.  
Includes a $2.6 billion net income tax benefit related to intangible property transfers and a $157 million net charge 
related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”), which together increased net income and diluted 
earnings per share (“EPS”) by $2.4 billion and $0.31, respectively. Refer to Note 12 – Income Taxes of the Notes to 
Financial Statements for further discussion.  
Includes a $13.7 billion net charge related to the enactment of the TCJA, which decreased net income and diluted 
EPS by $13.7 billion and $1.75, respectively. Refer to Note 12 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Financial Statements 
for further discussion.  
(d)  Reflects the impact of the adoption of new accounting standards in fiscal year 2018 related to revenue recognition 
and leases.  
(e)  LinkedIn has been included in our consolidated results of operations starting on the December 8, 2016 acquisition 
date.  
Includes  $306 million  of  employee  severance  expenses  primarily  related  to  our  sales  and  marketing  restructuring 
plan,  which  decreased  operating  income,  net  income,  and  diluted  EPS  by  $306 million,  $243 million,  and  $0.04, 
respectively.  
Includes $630 million of  asset impairment charges related to our Phone business and $480 million of  restructuring 
charges associated with our Phone business restructuring plans, which together  decreased operating income, net 
income, and diluted EPS by $1.1 billion, $895 million, and $0.11, respectively.  
Includes  $7.5 billion  of  goodwill  and  asset  impairment  charges  related  to  our  Phone  business  and  $2.5 billion  of 
integration  and  restructuring  expenses,  primarily  associated  with  our  Phone  business  restructuring  plans,  which 
together  decreased  operating  income,  net  income,  and  diluted  EPS  by  $10.0 billion,  $9.5 billion,  and  $1.15, 
respectively.  
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, DIVIDENDS, AND STOCK PERFORMANCE  
SHARE REPURCHASES AND DIVIDENDS  
Share Repurchases  
On  September 16,  2013,  our  Board  of  Directors  approved  a  share  repurchase  program  (“2013  Share  Repurchase 
Program”) authorizing up to $40.0 billion in share repurchases. The 2013 Share Repurchase Program became effective 
on October 1, 2013, and was completed on December 22, 2016.  
On  September 20,  2016,  our  Board  of  Directors  approved  a  share  repurchase  program  authorizing  up  to  an  additional 
$40.0 billion in share repurchases (“2016 Share Repurchase Program”). This share repurchase program commenced on 
December 22, 2016 following completion of the 2013 Share Repurchase Program, has no expiration date, and  may be 
suspended  or  discontinued  at  any  time  without  notice.  As  of  June 30,  2019,  $11.4 billion  remained  of  the  2016  Share 
Repurchase Program.  
7 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 9 ---
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs:  
(In millions) 
Year Ended June 30, 
First Quarter 
Second Quarter 
Third Quarter 
Fourth Quarter 
Total 
Shares 
24  
57  
36  
33  
150  
Amount 
2019 
$  2,600  
6,100  
3,899  
4,200  
$  16,799  
Shares 
 22  
 22  
 34  
 21  
 99  
Amount 
2018 
$  1,600  
  1,800  
  3,100  
  2,100  
$   8,600  
Shares 
  63  
  59  
  25  
  23  
170  
Amount 
2017 
$  3,550  
3,533  
1,600  
1,600  
$  10,283  
Shares repurchased in the first and second quarter of fiscal year 2017 were under the 2013 Share Repurchase Program. 
All  other  shares  repurchased  were  under  the  2016  Share  Repurchase  Program.  The  above  table  excludes  shares 
repurchased  to  settle  employee  tax  withholding  related  to  the  vesting  of  stock  awards  of  $2.7 billion,  $2.1 billion,  and 
$1.5 billion for fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. All share repurchases were made using cash resources.  
Dividends  
Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends:  
Declaration Date 
Fiscal Year 2019 
September 18, 2018 
November 28, 2018 
March 11, 2019 
June 12, 2019 
Total 
Fiscal Year 2018 
September 19, 2017 
November 29, 2017 
March 12, 2018 
June 13, 2018 
Total 
Record Date 
Payment Date 
  November 15, 2018     December 13, 2018  
March 14, 2019  
June 13, 2019  
August 15, 2019     September 12, 2019  
February 21, 2019    
May 16, 2019    
  November 16, 2017    
February 15, 2018    
May 17, 2018    
December 14, 2017  
March 8, 2018  
June 14, 2018  
August 16, 2018     September 13, 2018  
Dividend 
Per Share 
$   0.46  
  0.46  
  0.46  
  0.46  
$  1.84  
Amount 
  (In millions)  
$  3,544  
3,526  
3,521  
3,516  
$  14,107  
$  0.42  
  0.42  
  0.42  
  0.42  
$  3,238  
3,232  
3,226  
3,220  
$  1.68  
$  12,916  
The dividend declared on June 12, 2019 was included in other current liabilities as of June 30, 2019.  
8 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 10 ---
STOCK PERFORMANCE  
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*  
Among Microsoft Corporation, the S&P 500 Index  
and the NASDAQ Computer Index  
Microsoft Corporation 
S&P 500 
NASDAQ Computer 
6/14 
100.00 
100.00 
100.00 
6/15 
108.67 
107.42 
112.28 
6/16 
129.46 
111.71 
115.54 
6/17 
178.71 
131.70 
159.97 
6/18 
260.63 
150.64 
209.89 
6/19 
359.85 
166.33 
229.01 
*  $100 invested on 6/30/14 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.  
9 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 

--- Page 11 ---
Note About Forward-Looking Statements  
This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating 
results that  are “forward-looking statements” within the  meaning  of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act  of 1995, 
Section 27A  of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  and  Section 21E  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934.  Forward-looking 
statements  may  appear  throughout  this  report,  including  the  following  sections:  “Business”  and  “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition  and Results of Operations”.  These forward-looking statements generally 
are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” 
“plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking 
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause 
actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ 
materially in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results  of Operations,” 
and  “Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosures  about  Market  Risk”  in  our  fiscal  year  2019  Form  10-K.  Readers  are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We 
undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, 
future events, or otherwise.  
BUSINESS  
GENERAL  
Embracing Our Future  
Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to  empower every person  and every organization on the planet to 
achieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our platforms 
and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. They also 
support new startups, improve educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity.  
We  continue  to  transform  our  business  to  lead  in  the  new  era  of  the  intelligent  cloud  and  intelligent  edge.  We  bring 
technology and products together into experiences and solutions that unlock value for our customers. In this next phase of 
innovation, computing is more powerful and ubiquitous from the cloud to the edge. Artificial intelligence (“AI”) capabilities 
are rapidly advancing, fueled by data and knowledge of the world. Physical and virtual worlds are coming together with 
the  Internet  of  Things  (“IoT”)  and  mixed  reality  to  create  richer  experiences  that  understand  the  context  surrounding 
people,  the  things  they  use,  the  places  they  go,  and  their  activities  and  relationships.  A  person’s  experience  with 
technology spans a multitude of devices and has become increasingly more natural and multi-sensory with voice, ink, and 
gaze interactions.  
What We Offer  
Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new value for customers 
and help people and businesses realize their full potential.  
We offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, 
and  content,  and  we  provide  solution  support  and  consulting  services.  We  also  deliver  relevant  online  advertising  to  a 
global audience.  
Our  products  include  operating  systems;  cross-device  productivity  applications;  server  applications;  business  solution 
applications;  desktop  and  server  management  tools;  software  development  tools;  and  video  games.  We  also  design, 
manufacture, and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and 
related accessories.  
10 
 
