
--- Page 6 ---
Pursuing significant 
global opportunities
Dear fellow shareholders,
As the Good food, Good life company, Nestlé  
is proud to provide consumers with products 
they love and rely on. Even in the face of ongoing 
global challenges this past year, we stay true to 
our long-term ambitions and see a bright future 
with emerging opportunities.
Nutrition, Health and Wellness is our past, present  
and future, and within that frame we continue to set  
new priorities. Our innovation capabilities enable us  
to consistently meet the rising expectations of a 
growing population. Portfolio optimization over the 
past years allows us to focus our efforts on our proven 
brands. Our operational excellence enables us to 
dependably deliver sustainable, profitable growth. And 
we continue to do business in a way that creates shared 
value for both our shareholders and society. 
Encouraging balanced diets
Foods and beverages are major drivers of long-term 
health, and consumers increasingly recognize this. We 
will continue to develop nutritious products that support 
people’s well-being, and we believe that such products 
will see increased demand in the years to come. 
In fact, in 2023, we reconfirmed our ambition to 
prioritize the development of our more nutritious 
products. This entails launching new products and 
renovating existing ones. It involves expanding 
micronutrient fortification, growing our affordable 
offerings, reducing sugar and salt content, and 
increasing our use of plant-based ingredients in 
our recipes.
2
Additionally, we are actively guiding people towards 
a more balanced diet by making the nutritional value 
of our portfolio more transparent. We are strengthening 
our responsible marketing of indulgent products, 
providing clear front-of-pack portion guidance, and 
engaging with and informing consumers through our 
various online communities around the world. 
Supporting healthy aging
Nestlé’s food and beverage portfolio caters to people 
at each stage of their life. It starts with the first 
1000 days and continues into adulthood and old age. 
With a rapidly aging global population, we see an 
opportunity to provide products that can support the 
nutrition, health and wellness of older people. We can 
help boost their energy levels, enhance their cognitive 
health, support their mobility, and improve their general 
physical and mental health. 
We already offer several Nestlé Health Science and 
dairy products that are specifically targeted to seniors. 
Take, for example, successful brands like Boost, Pure 
Encapsulations or Molico. With our capabilities, we 
believe that we can leverage this trend across all of our 
categories to further grow. 
Investing in innovation 
We are investing in our future through innovation 
and entrepreneurship. Through our main research 
center in Switzerland and 23 sites globally, and with 
an industry-leading R&D budget, we develop products 
tailored to the diverse needs of people and pets while 
reducing our environmental footprint. Experts at our 
newly inaugurated Institute of Agricultural Sciences, 
for example, develop solutions in the areas of plant 
science, agricultural systems and dairy livestock.  
This is in addition to our four other research institutes 
looking at health sciences, food sciences, food safety 
and packaging. 
Digital technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI), 
are supporting sharper decision-making and increased 
speed across the entire company. From procurement to 
e-commerce, digital analytics facilitate efficiency and 

--- Page 7 ---
U. Mark Schneider, Chief Executive Officer (left), and Paul Bulcke, Chairman (right)
effectiveness. Data science and AI increasingly support 
us with innovation by revealing and predicting consumer 
demands, while also helping us bring new products to 
market faster.
Creating Shared Value
Creating Shared Value is how we do business at Nestlé, 
generating value not only for our shareholders but also 
for society. Nestlé’s long-term success is supported  
by this approach.
An example of this is Nestlé’s efforts to advance 
regenerative food production by helping protect, renew 
and restore natural resources. To that end, we are 
supporting farmers and strengthening their communities. 
We are delivering on our commitments in a way that 
appeals to consumers’ increased expectations.
Remaining dedicated and dependable
Every year, our people show us how much can be 
achieved when we steadfastly pursue opportunities. We 
know that we do not have all the answers, but with our 
global mindset combined with our expert knowledge of 
local consumers and markets, we are confident we can 
deliver on our ambition and our commitments. 
People all over the world rely on Nestlé for good food  
and beverages. Our proven value creation model allows 
us to invest, innovate and grow even in challenging 
times, and makes us dependable for our shareholders 
and other stakeholders. We are grateful for the support 
of our employees, business partners, consumers and 
communities. And we thank you, our shareholders, for 
your continued trust.
Paul Bulcke
Chairman
U. Mark Schneider
Chief Executive Officer
3

--- Page 8 ---
Our people  
on the ground
We engage with our fellow employees, business partners and 
community members. From meeting with farmers to visiting 
retailers, touring our factories and doing volunteer work,  
our culture encourages and supports connecting with internal 
and external stakeholders.
4

--- Page 9 ---
5

--- Page 10 ---
6

--- Page 11 ---
7

--- Page 12 ---
Implementing  
our growth strategy
Garden Gourmet Marine-Style Crispy Filet 
Our Garden Gourmet Marine-Style Crispy 
Filet launched in several European countries 
in 2023, expanding the range of plant-based 
fish alternatives, which includes the popular 
Garden Gourmet Vuna.
8

--- Page 13 ---
Our purpose is unlocking the power of food to enhance 
quality of life for everyone, today and for generations 
to come. To achieve this, we pursue growth through 
rapid innovation, operational efficiency, and disciplined 
resource and capital allocation. 
Our portfolio is diversified, both in terms of geography 
and category. We have products for people at all life 
stages that can be consumed as part of a balanced 
diet. We want to contribute to people’s health through 
nutrition and aim to help people of all ages live better. 
Our innovation capabilities ensure we deliver products 
that meet consumer needs and preferences, and are 
good for the planet. Through digital technologies, we 
are able to be more agile and make better and faster 
decisions. 
Driving organic sales growth 
Organic sales growth is key to our growth ambition.  
Our portfolio is geared to deliver sustained mid single-
digit organic sales growth based on investment in 
attractive categories and regions, impactful innovation 
and execution discipline. Our knowledge of local 
consumers coupled with our scientific and technological 
expertise help us deliver innovations that support 
business growth, while meeting consumer needs.  
We also see many opportunities for growth through 
cross-fertilization between categories and geographies. 
In addition to core innovation activities focused on 
food safety, taste, nutrition and sustainability, we have 
intensified research in high-growth categories, such as 
early-life and therapeutic nutrition, alternative proteins, 
and coffee and systems technology. Ecosystem building 
and business model innovation are also increasingly  
a focus of our categories.
Alongside innovation, we continue to optimize our 
portfolio to focus on stronger brands and products.
Innovating across life stages and health needs
The foods and beverages people consume play a pivotal 
role in their overall health. From pre-conception to early 
life, through to childhood, adulthood and old age, we aim 
to meet people’s nutritional and health needs throughout 
their lives. 
Nestlé has deep roots in infant nutrition. For years, 
we have researched the composition of nutrients 
and bioactives present in breastmilk as well as the 
role of probiotics in nutrition and health. Exploring 
the interaction between these different components, 
Nestlé experts discovered a proprietary probiotic strain, 
B. infantis, that unlocks beneficial aspects of six human 
milk oligosaccharides (HMOs). This led to the launch in 
2023 of our proprietary blend, Sinergity, for use in infant 
formulas to support immunity and gut health. 
As we continue our tradition of supporting children’s 
health, we also need to consider an aging population 
that is living longer. Under our R+D Accelerator initiative, 
we developed the Nestlé Goodnes range of products in 
2023 to support healthy aging. It helps optimize people’s 
energy levels, restore their sleep quality and improve 
their focus through patented nutritional blends. The 
products were piloted in France, Singapore and the UK. 
Additionally, we launched the Nestlé N3 range in China 
that helps people maintain their overall health and well-
being as they age. 
Expanding alternative proteins
In 2023, we added to our plant-based portfolio by 
launching a range of vegan alternatives to fish filets, 
nuggets and fingers that stand out for their strong 
nutrition credentials, as well as their great taste and 
texture that is close to white fish. Garden Gourmet 
launched Marine-Style Crispy Filet and Marine-Style 
Crispy Nuggets in Europe, and Harvest Gourmet launched 
Crispy Fish-Free Fingers in Asia.
We also continued to explore new concepts for dairy 
alternatives. Made with a blend of oat and fava, the new 
natural bliss beverages are a good source of high-quality 
protein. Our teams chose fava beans because of their 
many health benefits and good taste. 
In addition, we combined the goodness of milk with  
plant-based ingredients in our new Nido Milk & Soya  
instant powder launched in Central and West Africa and  
Nestlé is exploring 
emerging technologies 
like animal-free dairy 
beverages made with 
precision fermentation, 
which led to a pilot  
for Cowabunga in  
the United States.
9

--- Page 14 ---
Grown by only 
59 Colombian 
farmers and 
developed to create 
a unique tasting 
experience, the new 
Nespresso N°20 
encapsulates over 
20 years of expertise.
in our Bear Brand Doble Protein powdered beverage 
piloted in the Philippines. Both products are highly 
nutritious and affordable. 
Making innovation faster and more efficient
We are using AI and data science to complement our 
R&D capabilities and manage complexities during 
innovation. Our new recipe optimization tool uses 
advanced algorithms to help product developers better 
manage tradeoffs between ingredients, nutrition, cost and 
sustainability, while still meeting consumer expectations. 
In the development of the new Nescafé Dolce Gusto Neo 
coffee system, our experts optimized the manufacturing 
process through virtual simulations before applying 
technical settings on the physical machine. This helped 
them make quick and efficient decisions to manage 
the complex interaction between coffee, paper packaging 
material and the machine to ensure the perfect coffee cup 
for consumers.
Improving efficiency with digital technologies
Digitalization is enabling better and faster decision-
making, in addition to improving cost efficiencies.  
We are harmonizing our data framework to be able  
to take advantage of different technologies, like AI. 
The Nestlé Supplier Portal, a global digital collaboration 
platform, supports quality document management, 
sustainability data collection and supplier performance 
management. With over 7000 active suppliers in over 
40 markets, it covers almost three-quarters of our direct 
material spend. 
10
Leveraging always-on analytics 
We are responding to fast-changing consumer needs 
in real time, using data to streamline our business 
processes. Our strategic procurement decisions are 
more informed, as we increasingly leverage advanced 
statistical modeling with machine learning and 
automated price-trend analytics. And by deploying new 
marketing analytics capabilities at scale, we are building 
data foundation pipelines that automatically refresh our 
marketing effectiveness models for faster and smarter 
investment decisions.
In 2023, we spent 68% of our media budget digitally 
and acquired 308 million first-party data records. We are 
on track to meet our 2025 goals of 70% and 400 million 
respectively. Using AI, this data helps our brands reach 
target audiences more efficiently and deliver more 
relevant, personalized messages online. 
Accelerating e-commerce
Our ambition for 2025 is that a quarter of our sales 
come from e-commerce. This will have a significant 
impact on all markets, brands and roles. To support 
this, we launched an e-commerce academy that offers 
personalized learning paths. Over 1500 employees were 
trained and certified in 2023.
We have also launched our own eB2B platforms in key 
markets such as Brazil, India, Mexico and Vietnam, and 
have partnered with other leading platforms, such as 
the eB2B platform BEES.

--- Page 15 ---
Delivering  
novel  
technologies
Thanks to our strong global 
capabilities, we continue to develop 
exciting innovations that can be 
applied across different products, 
brands and categories. 
One of our latest unique science-
based innovations is Nestlé N3 milk, 
which offers new nutritional benefits. 
Made from cow’s milk, it has all the 
essential nutrients found in milk, 
including proteins, vitamins and 
minerals. In addition, it also contains 
beneficial prebiotic fibers and has 
The N3 milk products are the result of 
development work done by experts at R&D 
Nutrition, R&D Singapore, R&D Beijing and 
Nestlé Research.
a low lactose content and over 15% 
fewer calories.
IN FIGURES
Using a proprietary technology, we 
use specialized enzymes to break 
down lactose, a sugar found in cow’s 
milk, while generating prebiotic fibers. 
Clinical studies showed that the 
fibers promote the growth of multiple 
types of bifidobacteria, delivering gut 
microbiome benefits in healthy adults.
N3 milk was first introduced in 2023, 
in a range of powdered dairy products 
in China, tailored to meet the dietary 
needs of local consumers. The N3 
range includes a full cream and a 
skimmed milk product, both high 
in protein and perfect for the whole 
family. To support specific needs for 
healthy aging, the range includes 
two products with vitamins, minerals 
and probiotics to support bone 
health, muscle growth and strength, 
and immunity.
N3 milk will be introduced in other 
product categories later, enabling us  
to support health and well-being 
across life stages.
up to 3x 
beneficial bifidobacteria growth
OUR VOICES
“N3 milk will serve as a basis 
for nutritious solutions for 
people with lactose sensitivity 
or who want to improve their 
gastrointestinal health.”
Isabelle  
Bureau-Franz
Head of Nestlé’s 
R&D for Nutrition
Switzerland
11
