
--- Page 6 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Dear fellow shareholder,
The year in review has seen significant changes in our 
business environment, both at home in Switzerland and 
in many other countries where your company is active. 
Switzerland has seen changes in corporate law that 
directly impact your company. Challenges in the Middle 
East, Asia, Africa and Latin America have contributed to a 
general slowdown in the emerging markets’ growth rates. 
The developed markets, meanwhile, have continued to 
experience anaemic growth, at best. The results that we 
have achieved in this environment, therefore, are a tribute to 
our 333 000 employees, many of whom have experienced 
these difficult challenges first hand.
Sales were CHF 92.2 billion, with organic growth of 
4.6%, incorporating real internal growth of 3.1% and pricing 
of 1.5%. After some years of inflation, raw material costs 
were subdued in 2013, and our commitment to delivering 
the right value propositions to our consumers resulted 
in a low level of pricing: our relatively strong real internal 
growth, considering the environment, suggests that we 
succeeded against market. The trading operating profit 
was CHF 14.0 billion and the margin increased by 20 basis 
points to 15.2%. This performance was achieved whilst at 
the same time increasing our brand support. The net profit 
was CHF 10.0 billion and earnings per share were CHF 3.14. 
Underlying earnings per share were up 11.0% in constant 
currencies. Operating cash flow was CHF 15.0 billion. In 
view of this performance and the company’s strong financial 
position, the board is recommending a dividend per share of 
CHF 2.15, up 4.9% from CHF 2.05 last year.
The results in 2013 showed our determination to grow 
your company profitably and sustainably, allowing us to 
deliver over time the Nestlé Model of organic growth of 
5–6% together with improvements in our trading operating 
profit margin and earnings per share in constant currencies 
and in our capital efficiency. Indeed, our average organic 
growth has been 6.1% over the last ten years, during which 
time we also consistently improved our operating profit 
margin. This performance reflects a focus both on our 
shorter-term performance – seeking to grow faster than 
our markets – and on the longer-term – making the right 
decisions to ensure sustainable profitable growth into  
the future. 
2
Each year is a challenge in its own way, and 2013 was 
no different. A more difficult trading environment required 
an intense focus on ensuring we maintained our edge in 
the market. In 2013, guided by our strategic roadmap, we 
considered how we could work smarter to deliver greater 
value for consumers and for you, our fellow shareholders. 
We wanted to ensure we were agile enough to maximise 
the opportunities presented by today’s fast-changing 
environment.
The roadmap has aligned our people, wherever they are 
in the world, whatever activity they work in, behind a set of 
firm priorities which help us deliver our promise to be the 
leader in Nutrition, Health and Wellness.
The intrinsic value of our nutrition agenda will increase 
as populations expand, healthcare challenges increase and 
related costs multiply. Our leadership brings responsibility, 
including to be at the cutting edge of science and to use our 
know-how to contribute to solutions on problems ranging 
from malnutrition to obesity. It also means taking business 
risks by pioneering new opportunities, knowing that some 
may not work. Equally, it means being sufficiently present in 
consumers’ lives to be able to make a difference.
We also need to make the right choices. For example, 
whilst we see an exciting future role for personalised 
nutrition in managing chronic illness, we decided that our 
personalised weight management business, Jenny Craig, 
would be better served by different ownership and have 
divested it. Making the right choices enables us to put our 
best people and resources behind our best opportunities. 
We can focus investment more precisely, move faster and 
be more agile and responsive, all of which are critical to 
winning in today’s more complex, more competitive world. 
We will be able to be faster and more responsive by 
moving from managing complexity to mastering it. By 
doing so, we will be able to leverage our size to create 
further scale benefits and increased competitive advantage. 
One advantage that scale gives us is the ability to keep 
one eye on the longer-term, even as we navigate through 
shorter-term challenges. That means continuing to invest 
aggressively in capacities, capabilities, in R&D and our 
brands. In fact, 2013 saw investment in all these areas 
at levels that are among the highest in our history and in 
the industry. The opportunity for us now is to exploit that 

--- Page 7 ---
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Chairman
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
3

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
investment: to do more with what we have; to further 
leverage our assets, our scale and our capabilities by 
working smarter. This will result in lower capital investment 
and a further reduction in structural costs. The benefits will 
be evident already in 2014, with a significant decrease in 
capital investment, compared to 2013.
The Board’s priorities included reviews of our global 
business portfolio in the context of our Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness strategy, of our past capital investments and our 
future needs, and of gender balance and diversity at Nestlé. 
Additionally, the Board of Directors spent considerable time 
analyzing and discussing the long-term strategic direction 
of your company and elaborated an enlarged vision of its 
strategy for the future. Our long-term strategic direction 
is to be the leader in Nutrition, Health and Wellness. We 
expanded the boundaries of nutrition with the creation of 
Nestlé Health Science in 2011. We are now expanding the 
foundation of health and wellness, with our announcement 
on 11th February 2014 of the acquisition of the 50% of 
Galderma that we did not already own, into the field of 
specialised medical skin treatments by setting up Nestlé 
Skin Health S.A.
 The biggest priority, however, was to understand what 
the significant changes in the Swiss legislative framework 
for corporates would mean for your company, including the 
so-called Minder Initiative, voted into law in March 2013. The 
Board’s aim was to keep your company as competitive as 
possible. Here are a few of the changes:
Each member of the Board of Directors will be re-elected 
on an annual basis. Previously, the Board had a staggered 
election process over three years, which provided a certain 
degree of stability. The yearly direct election of the Members 
of the Compensation Committee and the transfer of 
compensation approvals to the Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) also changes the dynamic between the Board and 
our shareholders. 
The Chairman will now be elected annually by 
shareholders, no longer appointed by the Board. The 
Chairman will therefore have to dedicate more time to 
shareholder relations and to shorter-term issues, in addition 
to devoting his energies to the longer-term strategy and 
priorities, and to ensuring the sustainability of the business, 
as his role demands. 
4
One of the tenets of the Minder Initiative was that it 
would empower shareholders. While about one-third of our 
shareholders are Swiss, about two-thirds are international, 
including European, American and Asian pension funds, 
investment trusts and sovereign wealth funds. We 
encourage all of them to vote at our AGM: a well-run 
company has shareholders who choose to be owners for 
the long term because they support the management and 
its strategy. Those shareholders will usually vote in support 
of the Board. It is probable, however, that shareholders will 
increasingly manage their additional voting responsibilities 
by delegating their voting decisions to international proxy 
advisors. 
Together with the invitation to the Annual General 
Meeting you will find a Report of the Board explaining the 
revision of our Articles of Association. This aims to meet 
both the requirements of the unique new Swiss law and of 
international best corporate governance and compensation 
practices.
The new governance framework will have a significant 
impact on our AGM. There will be more proposals to be 
voted on. Compliance with the new law will be at the 
forefront of the meeting since non-compliance can result in 
severe criminal punishment, which is unique in the world. 
The role of the Board, the corporate body with fiduciary 
responsibility for your company’s long-term development, 
has been weakened. The AGM has been given increased 
power. We therefore encourage all of you to vote, and 
so exercise your increased authority and assume your 
increased responsibility. By doing so, you will help preserve 
our tradition of being long-term focused and you will help 
us deliver our Creating Shared Value goals, which you 
previously enshrined in our Articles of Association and 
which have served us so well for almost 150 years.
There were changes to the Executive Board in 2013. 
Werner Bauer, Chief Technology Officer retired and was 
replaced by Stefan Catsicas. John Harris also retired 
and was replaced as head of Nestlé Waters by Marco 
Settembri. Martial Rolland took over responsibility for Nestlé 
Professional from Marc Caira who decided to take early 
retirement. The Board thanks Werner, John and Marc for the 

--- Page 9 ---
contributions over the many years they were with Nestlé. 
Peter Vogt became Head of Human Resources, following 
Jean-Marc Duvoisin’s move to Nestlé Nespresso.
A company’s actions should be consequent to its beliefs. 
We believe that our ability to win is due in no small part to 
our people, whom we consider a competitive advantage. 
People are the oxygen of an organisation, providing its 
creativity, dynamism and drive, and they become part of its 
culture and spirit as they are trained, progress, mentor and 
finally lead others. We have launched an initiative in Europe, 
pledging to create 20 000 positions for young people by 
2016, and we are encouraging our 60 000 suppliers to join 
us. This is just one example of the role of Nestlé in Society 
to create shared value by ensuring that our activities, 
investments and know-how benefit not just Nestlé but 
also our stakeholders and the communities where we are 
present. It is fundamental that a company such as Nestlé 
plays a positive role in society. Indeed, we believe we will 
create long-term value for our shareholders only if we 
respect and connect positively with society at large. This 
is what we call ‘Creating Shared Value’. Nestlé in Society is 
discussed in the accompanying reports, and we have also 
highlighted the increasing external recognition that we are 
receiving in this area.
Last year was challenging and 2014 will likely be the 
same. We will continue to be disciplined in driving our 
performance in line with the Nestlé Model of profitable 
growth and resource efficiency. We therefore expect our 
2014 performance to be similar to last year and again 
weighted to the second half, outperforming the market, 
with growth around 5% and improvements in margins, 
underlying earnings per share in constant currencies and 
capital efficiency.
As we said, our people are our strength and competitive 
advantage, and we would like to thank everyone at Nestlé for 
their great efforts in contributing to another year of progress 
for the Group. Wherever you are in the world, whatever 
challenges you have been facing, your commitment has 
been unwavering. 
On behalf of our Board of Directors we would finally like 
to thank our shareholders for their loyalty to our Company. 
We hope to count on your continued support.
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Chairman
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
5

--- Page 10 ---
Corporate Governance 
and Compliance
Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A.
at 31 December 2013
Corporate Governance
We engage with society on the basis of strong principles of 
governance and compliance that provide the framework  
of how we do business. The Chairman and the CEO ensure 
the tone of good governance at Board level and below. 
The Board regularly solicits input from investors, proxy 
advisors and other stakeholders, and reviews its governance 
on the basis of new legal requirements and best practices. 
As Nestlé has a highly diversified ownership structure, 
our dialogue with investors includes shareholder surveys, 
investor roundtables, analyst and engagement calls and 
bilateral meetings, pursing a holistic approach that manages 
both their financial and governance expectations.
Good governance helps us maintain trust with our 
employees, investors, governments, NGOs, our customers, 
consumers and other stakeholders. Without good 
governance and compliance we cannot reach our goal of 
doing business sustainably and in a way that creates shared 
value for society.
In our Nestlé in Society report we demonstrate how we 
engage with society at large.
Paul Bulcke
Our Annual Report includes our financial and nonfinancial 
commitments on governance, environmental, social, ethical 
and sustainability in line with the UN Global Compact 
Principles for Responsible Investment and the Global 
Reporting Initiative. 
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Andreas Koopmann
Helmut O. Maucher
Honorary Chairman
David P. Frick
Secretary to the Board
KPMG SA Geneva branch 
Independent auditors
Term expires 2014 (1)
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe (2, 4)
Chairman
Term expires 2016 (1)
Paul Bulcke (2)
Chief Executive Officer
Term expires 2014 (1)
Andreas Koopmann (2, 3, 4)
1st Vice Chairman
Chairman, Georg Fischer AG.
Term expires 2014 (1)
6
Nestlé Annual Report 2013  I  Corporate Governance and Compliance

--- Page 11 ---
(1)  On the date of the Annual 
  General Meeting.
(2) Chairman’s and Corporate 
  Governance Committee.
(3) Compensation Committee.
(4)  Nomination Committee.
(5) Audit Committee.
For further information on the 
Board of Directors, please refer  
to the Corporate Governance 
Report 2013.
Rolf Hänggi
Jean-Pierre Meyers
Titia de Lange
Henri de Castries
Beat Hess
Jean-Pierre Roth
Steven G. Hoch
Eva Cheng
Daniel Borel
Naïna Lal Kidwai
Ann M. Veneman
Rolf Hänggi (2, 5)
2nd Vice Chairman
Former Chairman, Rüd,  
Blass & Cie AG.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Beat Hess (2)
Former Group Legal Director, 
Royal Dutch Shell plc.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Daniel Borel (3)
Co-founder and Board member, 
Logitech International S.A.
Term expires 2015 (1)
Jean-Pierre Meyers (3)
Vice Chairman, L’Oréal S.A.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Steven G. Hoch (4)
Founder and CEO,  
Highmount Capital.
Term expires 2016 (1)
Naïna Lal Kidwai (5)
Country Head of HSBC Group  
of Companies in India.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Titia de Lange
Associate Director, Anderson 
Cancer Center, 
The Rockefeller University.
Term expires 2016 (1)
Jean-Pierre Roth (3)
Chairman, Geneva Cantonal Bank.
Term expires 2016 (1)
Ann M. Veneman (4)
Former Executive Director  
UNICEF and Secretary of U.S. 
Department of Agriculture.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Henri de Castries (5)
Chairman and CEO, AXA.
Term expires 2015 (1)
Eva Cheng
Former Corporate Executive 
Vice President of Amway 
Corporation responsible  
for Greater China and 
Southeast Asia Region.
Term expires 2016 (1)
Nestlé Annual Report 2013  I  Corporate Governance and Compliance
7

--- Page 12 ---
Corporate Governance and Compliance
Our Corporate Governance Report describes how our 
governance ensures the effectiveness of our Board. 
Our Compensation Report explains our compensation 
system and is submitted annually to a separate advisory vote 
of our shareholders.
We are actively engaged in the development of Swiss law 
and governance practices. In 2013, focus was on preparing 
for the implementation of new Swiss governance legislation 
going into effect next year. Nestlé aims to be an early 
adopter of various new governance practices demonstrating 
our commitment to be at the forefront of good governance 
in Switzerland. We expect to submit a pertinent revision of 
our Articles of Association to our upcoming Annual General 
Meeting. 
We will maintain our commitment in our Articles of 
Association to aim for long-term, sustainable value creation. 
Compliance
Compliance forms the basis of how we do business and 
is the foundation on which we engage with society. 
Compliance at Nestlé refers to our own commitments in 
Nestlé policies across all our Corporate Business Principles  
as well as all applicable laws.
While responsibility for compliance is assigned to the 
markets as per our Custodian Concept, a dedicated corporate 
Compliance function and a cross-functional Compliance 
Committee define the framework, facilitate the coordination 
between the relevant support functions and provide guidance 
and best practices in a holistic approach to Governance,  
Risk and Compliance (GRC). Market Compliance Committees  
ensure a consistent approach and help identify local 
compliance priorities.  
The right commitment and tone at the top foster a strong, 
principles-based compliance culture. Our Corporate Business 
Principles, our Management and Leadership Principles, our 
Code of Business Conduct and our Supplier Code are the 
foundations of our cross-functional Corporate Compliance 
Programme. Awareness campaigns including our ‘We 
make Nestlé campaign’ and regular risk assessments help 
us in their continuous implementation. In our performance 
evaluations, compliance is linked to ‘how’ goals were 
accomplished.
In 2013, we re-emphasized compliance with our Code of 
Business Conduct with our e-learning tool on integrity and a 
revised anti-bribery e-learning tool supporting the Markets’ 
training efforts. Our anti-trust and fair competition training 
was stepped up with an upgraded e-learning tool and 
physical training. We re-emphasized our integrated approach 
to GRC.
Compliance is regularly monitored by our corporate 
functions, internal and external audit, as well as through our 
CARE audit programme relying on independent external 
auditors. The CARE programme was extended to include 
pillars on human rights, labour practices and security. 
150 audits were conducted in 2013 and gaps were addressed.
Our integrity reporting system went live globally to deal 
with compliance related grievances, complementing the 
‘whistleblower procedure’ foreseen in our Code of Business 
Conduct, and our dedicated Ombudsman system to deal with 
grievances related to the World Health Organization Code of 
Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes. 620 messages were 
received by the end of September 2013 and all complaints 
were investigated.
We foster a common understanding of compliance across 
the functions and help markets identify local compliance 
priorities based on seven elements, including the verification 
of appropriate principles and policies, adequate internal 
controls, effective structures, monitoring and reporting, 
consequence management and above all the right culture and 
top level commitment. 
Conditions of work and employment, our responsible 
sourcing audit programme, legal compliance in particular 
with food and consumer law, financial regulatory compliance, 
data management and fraud prevention were other focus 
areas. 
Our WHO Code Compliance programme covers all Nestlé 
operations involved in the marketing of infant nutrition 
products. We adhere to the decisions of all governments 
regarding the application of the WHO Code in their countries 
and voluntarily apply the WHO Code in all developing 
countries. A special focus was on working with Wyeth 
Nutrition to align our policy and management systems in 
all higher-risk countries and on the areas identified through 
the FTSE4Good verification process. Our inclusion in the 
FTSE4Good index is a testimony to our commitment.
8
Nestlé Annual Report 2013  I  Corporate Governance and Compliance

--- Page 13 ---
Executive Board of Nestlé S.A.
at 31 December 2013
For further information on the 
Executive Board, please refer  
to the Corporate Governance 
Report 2013.
(From left to right): Peter Vogt, José Lopez, Stefan Catsicas, Luis Cantarell, David P. Frick, Laurent Freixe, Wan Ling Martello, Marco Settembri, Paul Bulcke, Patrice Bula,  
Doreswamy (Nandu) Nandkishore, Chris Johnson, Martial Rolland
Paul Bulcke 
Chief Executive Officer
Members, Executive Board
Luis Cantarell EVP, Nestlé 
Nutrition, President and CEO, 
Nestlé Health Science
José Lopez EVP, Operations, 
GLOBE
Laurent Freixe EVP, Europe
Chris Johnson EVP, United 
States of America, Canada, Latin 
America, Caribbean
Patrice Bula EVP, Strategic 
Business Units, Marketing  
and Sales
Doreswamy (Nandu) 
Nandkishore EVP, Asia, Oceania, 
Africa, Middle East
Wan Ling Martello EVP, Chief 
Financial Officer (includes Legal, 
Intellectual Property, Global 
Business Services)
Stefan Catsicas EVP, Innovation, 
Technology, Research and 
Development
Marco Settembri EVP, Nestlé 
Waters
Peter Vogt Deputy EVP, Human 
Resources
Martial Rolland Deputy EVP, 
Nestlé Professional
David P. Frick SVP, Corporate 
Governance, Compliance and 
Corporate Services
Yves Philippe Bloch 
Corporate Secretary
EVP: Executive Vice President 
SVP: Senior Vice President
Nestlé Annual Report 2013  I  Corporate Governance and Compliance
9

--- Page 14 ---
Corporate Governance and Compliance
Shareholders by geography (a)
Our human rights due diligence programme based on the 
UN Framework on Business and Human Rights focussed 
on risk and impact assessments, training, monitoring and 
stakeholder engagement.
Compliance means we will not sacrifice our principles 
and values for short-term success. Conditioned upon strong 
compliance, we aim to run our business sustainably and for 
the long term. We aim to create shared value.
Japan 2.18%
China 2.48%
France 2.48% 
Luxembourg 2.66%
Belgium 2.86%
Germany 4.07%
Norway 4.61%
United Kingdom 5.24%
Others 12.16%
Distribution of Share Capital by geography (a)
100%
80%
60%
40%
20%
0%
Switzerland 34.49%
USA 26.77%
Others
Japan 
China
France
Luxembourg
Belgium
Germany
Norway 
United Kingdom
USA 
Switzerland
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013
Share Capital by Investor Type, long-term evolution (a)
100%
80%
60%
40%
20%
0%
Institutions 79%
Private
Shareholders 21%
1998 
2002 
2007 
2010 
2013
(a)  Percentage derived from total number of registered shares. Registered  
shares represent 61.6% of the total share capital. Statistics are rounded, as at 
31.12.2013.
10
Nestlé Annual Report 2013  I  Corporate Governance and Compliance
 
 

--- Page 15 ---
Corporate 
Governance 
Report 2013
11
