
--- Page 6 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Fellow shareholders,
Recent years have been characterised by a whole host of 
events, ranging from the dramatic to the unprecedented. As 
one would expect, headlines have tended to focus on the 
disruptive, the shocking and the negative. The reality is more 
balanced. Of course there are new challenges, but there are 
also new opportunities. What is different today is the speed 
and unpredictability of change, whether new challenges or 
new opportunities. We think of this as the New Reality.  
The New Reality is characterised by political upheavals, 
economic uncertainty, lacklustre growth in developed 
markets, high levels of volatility in commodity, currency  
and stock markets… but also by dynamic growth in 
emerging markets, increasing affluence, step changes  
in technology and digital communication, new markets  
and new ways to reach consumers and, indeed, by 
increasing numbers of consumers.
More today than ever, if companies are to succeed, they 
need to understand the changing context in which they are 
operating. This context can be very different in different 
parts of the world, which we believe gives decentralised 
organisations such as ours a competitive edge. Companies 
also need a concise strategy, firm values and aligned 
principles. Together, these create a framework that enables 
them to be accountable, aligned, fast and entrepreneurial 
wherever they operate. Nestlé has this framework in the 
form of its strategic roadmap, which we have discussed 
with you over the last few years. We have highlighted some 
aspects of the roadmap later in this report.
Regardless of the shorter term challenges that a company 
faces every year, a core value at Nestlé is to deliver short 
term performance whilst remaining focused on the longer 
term. This was encapsulated in 2011 by our delivery of the 
Nestlé Model of financial performance whilst also investing 
in longer-term growth platforms. Strategic initiatives 
included the creation of Nestlé Health Science, two major 
partnerships in China, and significant investments in Russia, 
India and many African and Latin American countries. 
Also, we have continued to invest in Western Europe and 
North America for increased capacity to support winning 
innovations in categories such as PetCare, Soluble coffee 
and Culinary.
Nestlé Health Science began operations on 1 January 2011  
as a separate company within Nestlé to pioneer a new 
market between food and pharmaceuticals. It is aiming to 
develop science-based personalised nutrition solutions 
to chronic medical conditions. Alongside Nestlé Health 
Science, we have created the Nestlé Institute of Health 
Sciences, headquartered at the Swiss Federal Institute of 
Technology (EPFL) in Lausanne, to spearhead biomedical 
research into health and disease as influenced by genetics, 
metabolism and environment, with the goal of translating 
this knowledge into personalised science-based nutrition.
In only its first year Nestlé Health Science, with 
annualised sales close to CHF 2 billion, has already made 
three investments. The first, the acquisition of Prometheus 
Laboratories Inc., took it into diagnostics and the therapeutic 
gastrointestinal and oncology business. The others were 
products targeting specific disorders and diseases.
One responsibility of leadership is to be a pioneer. It 
is our intention that through the creation of these two 
organisations we can contribute to addressing the global 
issues around chronic diseases and spiralling healthcare 
costs from the perspective of nutritional science and 
personalised nutritional solutions.
Following the creation of Nestlé Health Science, the 
Nestlé approach to Nutrition, Health and Wellness can be 
summarised as having three elements: to pioneer ways 
to address critical illness through personalised nutritional 
solutions (Nestlé Health Science), to address consumers’ 
specific nutritional needs (through Nestlé Nutrition) and to 
offer consumers healthier and tastier choices throughout the 
day (through the rest of our Food and Beverages business). 
Our aim is to enhance the quality of consumers’ lives, and 
these three elements enable us to do so throughout their 
lives, from morning to night.
The emerging markets are populated by billions of people 
who share the objective of living better lives. This is an 
incredibly dynamic catalyst for growth and development, 
both individually for people and collectively for the countries 
where they live. We have a deep rooted presence and about 
40% of our sales in emerging markets. We want not just 
to exploit our own capabilities to share in the development 
of these countries, but also to become a truly local player 
by learning from local capabilities and participating in local 
culinary and nutritional traditions.
In China, for example, we signed two partnerships, 
acquiring 60% of both Hsu Fu Chi and Yinlu. Including 
these businesses, we would have had about CHF 4.5 billion 
of sales in China in 2011. Both businesses have strong 
brands that are part of the Chinese landscape. Hsu Fu Chi 
2
Nestlé Annual Report 2011

--- Page 7 ---
“Regardless of the shorter-term challenges 
that a company faces every year, a core  
value at Nestlé is to deliver short-term 
performance whilst remaining focused  
on the longer term.”
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Chairman
Nestlé Annual Report 2011
3

--- Page 8 ---
makes sugar confectionery, packaged snacks and sachima, 
a traditional Chinese snack. Its products are tailored to 
Chinese consumers’ needs and habits. Yinlu’s products are 
also a traditional part of the local diet, including ready-to-
drink peanut milk and ready-to-eat canned rice porridge. 
Both companies’ products are a good fit with Nestlé’s 
portfolio in China, and Hsu Fu Chi brings a well-established 
and wide-spread distribution network, whilst Yinlu is a 
co-packer of Nescafé ready-to-drink coffee. 
We also made some smaller acquisitions in Latin 
America and Eastern Europe, and we stepped up our capital 
investment in emerging markets to support our double-digit 
organic growth in these markets. This included investments 
in Chocolate in China and India, Culinary in India, China 
and Africa, Milk and Infant Nutrition in Indonesia, Coffee in 
Africa, Russia and Thailand, Breakfast cereals in Malaysia 
and Turkey and PetCare in Russia and Hungary. 
Our emerging market investment extends beyond our 
own capacities and capabilities upstream to our suppliers. 
Examples in 2011 included technical support and training 
for coffee, cocoa and milk farmers, amongst others, and 
providing about USD 25 million of direct financial assistance 
to farmers.
We recognise that if we are going to build businesses that 
are successful today and sustainable tomorrow, we need to 
invest upstream and down to create value for our partners. 
We need also to contribute more broadly to the societies 
where we operate, which we are doing through a number 
of initiatives ranging from sourcing healthy drinking water 
in rural areas in Africa and Asia to supporting educational 
programmes for children in Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa. 
We are also partnering with the Fair Labor Association, a 
non-profit multi-stakeholder initiative, to investigate whether 
children are working on cocoa farms supplying our factories, 
so we can address any issues effectively and transparently.
This commitment to Creating Shared Value, our belief 
that we can only be successful over time if we create value 
not just for the Company but also for society at large in 
everything we do, and our principle-based approach to 
running our business sustainably are integral to our strategic 
roadmap discussed in this report. Our commitment stands 
front-and-centre as we pursue our objective of being 
the reference for financial performance in our industry. 
Your Company has received external recognition for its 
efforts in this area, being included in both the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index and The FTSE4Good Index, and 
“We recognise that if we are going to build 
businesses that are successful today  
and sustainable tomorrow, we need to invest 
upstream and down to create value for  
our partners.”
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
receiving the Stockholm Industry Water Award and the 
World Environmental Center Gold Medal.
Of course, much of the world’s wealth resides  
in developed markets, and we continued to invest there,  
in Coffee, Infant Nutrition and PetCare amongst others,  
in support of the growth and innovation that we are  
driving in these markets.
Our growth in developed markets, as well as in 
emerging, was a key contributor to us being able to deliver 
organic growth of 7.5%, whilst the strong performance in 
Europe helped your Company achieve a 60 basis points 
improvement in its trading operating profit margin to 15.0% 
of sales. The strength of the Swiss franc had a big impact on 
our reported numbers, but our strong business performance 
enabled us to deliver sales of CHF 83.6 billion and a 
trading operating profit of CHF 12.5 billion. The Group’s net 
profit was CHF 9.5 billion and its underlying earnings per 
share were CHF 3.08 up 7.8% in constant currencies. The 
operating cash flow was CHF 9.8 billion. In view of our 2011 
performance and your Company’s strong financial position, 
your Board is recommending a dividend per share of  
CHF 1.95, an increase of 5.4% over last year’s. 
4
Nestlé Annual Report 2011

--- Page 9 ---
During 2011, priorities for your Board included the 
partnerships and investments discussed above, as well as 
reviewing your Company’s performance, investments and 
financial situation, its compliance and risk management, and 
the implications of the economic environment, particularly 
in Europe. One significant decision was not to announce a 
new share buy-back in 2011 on completion of the programme 
launched in 2010. This decision reflects our desire to have 
a balance sheet that both retains appropriate flexibility for 
our needs and represents a competitive advantage in the 
current economic environment. Another significant decision 
implemented in 2011 was the change of our sales recognition 
policy. This change improved transparency of performance 
with our peers through increased comparability of some 
financial performance indicators. 
There were changes to the Executive Board in 2011.  
Frits van Dijk, Head of Zone Asia, Oceania and Africa, retired 
and was replaced by Nandu Nandkishore. Nandu’s position 
as Head of Nestlé Nutrition was taken by Kurt Schmidt, 
who had been running our North American Infant Nutrition 
business. Petraea Heynike, in charge of Strategic Business 
Units, Marketing & Sales and Nespresso, retired and was 
replaced by Patrice Bula, who was previously Market Head 
of Greater China Region. Luis Cantarell left the Executive 
Board to lead Nestlé Health Science and was replaced as 
Head of Zone Americas by Chris Johnson, who rejoined the 
Executive Board from his position running the Japanese 
market. Also, we announced that Ms Wan Ling Martello will 
take over from James (Jim) Singh as Chief Financial Officer 
on his retirement at the end of March 2012. Wan Ling has a 
career that spans food manufacturing and retailing, as  
well as e-commerce, and is the ideal successor to Jim. 
The Board offers its thanks to Frits and Jim for their many 
decades of service to your Company.
There will be a new member of the Board of Directors 
proposed to shareholders at the 2012 Annual General 
Meeting. Mr. Henri de Castries is the Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer of the AXA Group, a global leader in 
insurance. He had a distinguished career in the French 
Finance Ministry before taking on several important 
executive roles and responsibilities within the AXA Group. 
We believe his long business experience and strong financial 
background will enrich the Board’s business and financial 
capabilities. Carolina Müller-Möhl and Jean-René Fourtou 
are both retiring from the Board. We thank both for their 
valuable contribution over the past years.
Last year was another in a series of years that will be 
remembered for a range of extraordinary events. From 
the earthquakes and tsunami in Japan through the Arab 
Spring and conflict in Côte d’Ivoire to floods in Thailand and 
Indonesia, there have been a range of extreme challenges 
for our people all over the world. We are greatly appreciative 
of their efforts and thank them on behalf of the Board 
and all our shareholders for their continuous efforts and 
commitment, and their unstinting enthusiasm. 
In view of continuing economic uncertainties and 
volatility, we don’t expect 2012 to be any easier than 
previous years. But we continue to invest for the future 
and strengthen our capabilities across the world.  Our 
innovation is creating opportunities in all categories, 
bringing new consumers to our brands in emerging 
markets, building on our consumers’ engagement with 
our brands in the developed world. Our people are aligned 
behind our strategic roadmap, which is as relevant as 
ever, to drive sustainable performance improvement. We 
are therefore well positioned in 2012 to deliver the Nestlé 
Model of organic growth between 5% and 6%, as well as 
an improvement in the trading operating profit margin and 
underlying earnings per share in constant currencies. 
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Chairman
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
Nestlé Annual Report 2011
5
 

--- Page 10 ---
Corporate Governance and Compliance 
Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A.
at 31 December 2011
Helmut O. Maucher
Honorary Chairman
David P. Frick
Secretary to the Board 
KPMG SA Geneva branch 
Independent auditors.  
Term expires 2012 (1) 
(1)  On the date of the Annual General Meeting.
(2) Chairman’s and Corporate Governance 
Committee.
(3) Compensation Committee.
(4)  Nomination Committee.
(5) Audit Committee.
For further information on the Board of 
Directors and Executive Board, please refer  
to the Corporate Governance Report 2011, 
enclosed.
Peter  
Brabeck-Letmathe (2, 4)
Chairman
Term expires 2013 (1)
Paul Bulcke (2)
Chief Executive Officer
Term expires 2014 (1)
Rolf Hänggi (2, 5)
2nd Vice Chairman 
Former Chairman,  
Rüd, Blass & Cie AG, 
Bankers. 
Term expires 2014 (1)
Jean-Pierre  
Meyers (3)
Vice Chairman, 
L’Oréal S.A.  
Term expires 2014 (1)
Steven G. Hoch (4)
Founder and  
Senior Partner,  
Highmount Capital.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Titia de Lange
Associate Director, 
Anderson Cancer 
Center, The 
Rockefeller University.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Jean-René  
Fourtou (2, 3) 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board, 
Vivendi.
Term expires 2012 (1)
André Kudelski (5)
Chairman and CEO, 
Kudelski Group.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Naïna Lal Kidwai (5)
Country Head  
of HSBC Group of 
Companies in India.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Jean-Pierre Roth
Chairman, Geneva 
Cantonal Bank.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Andreas  
Koopmann (2, 3, 4)
1st Vice Chairman 
Chairman of Alstom 
(Suisse) S.A. 
Term expires 2014 (1)
Daniel Borel (3)
Co-founder and Board 
member, Logitech 
International S.A. 
Term expires 2012 (1)
Carolina  
Müller-Möhl (4)
President,  
Müller-Möhl Group.
Term expires 2012 (1)
Beat Hess (5)
Former Group Legal 
Director, Royal Dutch 
Shell plc.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Ann M. Veneman
Former Executive 
Director, UNICEF,  
and former Secretary  
of U.S. Department  
of Agriculture.
Term expires 2014 (1)
6
Nestlé Annual Report 2011

--- Page 11 ---
Executive Board of Nestlé S.A.
at 31 December 2011
Paul Bulcke (8), Chief Executive Officer
Members Executive Board
Werner Bauer (3), EVP, Innovation, 
Technology, Research and Development
José Lopez (5), EVP, Operations, GLOBE
John J. Harris (1), EVP, Nestlé Waters
James Singh (10), EVP, Finance and Control, 
Global Nestlé Business Services, Legal, 
Intellectual Property, Tax, Treasury
Laurent Freixe (11), EVP, Europe
Chris Johnson (6), EVP, United States of 
America, Canada, Latin America, Caribbean
Patrice Bula (7), EVP, Strategic Business Units, 
Marketing and Sales
Doreswamy (Nandu) Nandkishore (9), EVP, 
Asia, Oceania, Africa, Middle East
Wan Ling Martello (12), EVP, designated CFO  
as of 1 April 2012
Marc Caira (4), Deputy EVP, Nestlé Professional
Jean-Marc Duvoisin (13), Deputy EVP, 
Human Resources
Kurt Schmidt (15), Deputy EVP, Nestlé 
Nutrition
David P. Frick (2), SVP, Corporate Governance, 
Compliance and Corporate Services
Luis Cantarell (14), President and CEO,  
Nestlé Health Science 
Yves Philippe Bloch, Corporate Secretary
EVP: Executive Vice President  
SVP: Senior Vice President 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15
Nestlé Annual Report 2011
7
 
 

--- Page 12 ---
Shareholders by geography (a)
P  36.5%  Switzerland
P  27.0%  USA
P  5.0%  United Kingdom
P  3.9%  Germany
P  3.2%  Norway
P  3.2%  France
P  2.8%  Belgium
P  18.4%  Others
Distribution of Share Capital  
by geography (a)
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 
|
2001  2003  2005  2007  2009  2011
P  Switzerland
P  USA
P  United Kingdom
P  Germany
P  Norway
P  France
P  Belgium
Share Capital by Investor Type (a)
80%
60%
40%
20%
0%
| 
| 
| 
| 
| 
|
2001  2003  2005  2007  2009  2011
P  Institutions
P  Private Shareholders
(a)  Percentage derived from total number of registered 
shares. Registered shares represent 62.3%  
of the total share capital. Statistics are rounded,  
as at 31.12.2011.
While the Chairman and the Board 
play a critical role in maintaining 
good governance, institutional 
investors play a key role as well. We 
pursue initiatives to further improve 
the dialogue with our Board and to 
facilitate the exercise of voting rights. 
However, as it is only the Board that 
has a fiduciary duty to ensure the 
long-term success of our Company, 
we have set clear expectations in our 
Articles of Association, where we have 
committed ourselves to aim for long-
term, sustainable value creation.
2011 was marked by a number of 
external governance developments, 
including the publication of the 
European Commission’s green paper 
and implementation of the U.K. 
Stewardship Code, the advancement 
of say on pay votes, proxy access 
proposals and increased shareholder 
activism, additional focus on the role 
of proxy advisors and societal changes 
including the advancement of social 
networking. Through shareholder 
surveys, investor roundtables, 
engagement calls and bilateral 
meetings, we have established a 
dialogue with our investors, pursuing 
a holistic approach that manages 
both their financial and governance 
expectations. In our home country, 
we are actively engaged in the 
development of Swiss law and best 
practices for corporate governance and 
the proper functioning of the voting 
chain for issuers and investors alike. 
Our investor base is well diversified 
and reflected on this page.
Corporate Governance
The tone of good governance is set 
by the Board and filters down through 
our organisation. The Chairman and 
the CEO enshrine the principles of 
governance both at Board level and 
below. While our Nestlé Corporate 
Business Principles describe what 
we stand for as a company and the 
high standards we set for ourselves, 
our Board regulations and related 
documents outline our organisational 
and governance principles. 
In our Corporate Governance Report 
we outline how these principles  
ensure the effectiveness of our Board. 
It explains the role of our Board and  
its committees, director nomination 
and introduction processes, Board 
evaluations and risk oversight in line 
with established best practices. 
Environmental, social and sustainability 
issues are the subject of our Creating 
Shared Value Report taking a  
broader perspective on the Board’s 
responsibility. Our Compensation 
Report describes our compensation 
system. We regularly submit it  
to a separate advisory vote of  
our shareholders. 
Additional disclosure of non-
financial performance measures along 
the lines of the UN Global Compact 
Principles for Responsible Investment 
(UNPRI) help us align our operations 
with these universally accepted 
principles. The Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) plays a critical role in 
demonstrating our commitments on 
governance, environmental, social, 
ethical and sustainability issues. 
Through our human rights and labour 
practices and our partnership with 
the Danish Institute for Human Rights 
we implement our human rights 
responsibilities globally. 
8
Nestlé Annual Report 2011
  
	
 
	
 

--- Page 13 ---
Compliance
Compliance builds trust. It forms the 
base of how we do business and is the 
foundation on which we engage with 
the external world. While responsibility 
is assigned to the markets as per 
our Custodian Concept, a dedicated 
corporate Compliance function 
and a cross-functional Compliance 
Committee define the framework, 
facilitate the coordination between 
the relevant support functions and 
provide guidance and best practices. 
Our Corporate Compliance Programme 
builds awareness and ensures a 
coordinated, holistic and principles-
based approach to compliance and  
risk management.
The continued implementation of 
our Corporate Business Principles, 
as well as our Management and 
Leadership Principles, our Code of 
Business Conduct, our Supplier Code 
and other policies is the cornerstone 
of our cross- functional Corporate 
Compliance Programme. The right 
commitment and tone at the top foster 
a strong, principles-based compliance 
culture. Regular compliance risk 
assessments help us identify areas of 
concern and develop compliance tools 
and best practices related thereto. 
Compliance is regularly monitored 
by our corporate functions, internal 
and external audit and through our 
CARE programme relying on an 
independent external audit network. 
In our performance evaluations 
compliance is linked to “how” goals 
were accomplished.
Our anti-bribery programme is 
based on a global risk assessment 
and includes a globally run anti-
bribery training campaign. Our new 
integrity reporting system includes the 
global roll-out of a “hot-line” to deal 
Nestlé Annual Report 2011
with compliance related grievances, 
complementing the “whistleblower 
procedure” introduced with our Code of 
Business Conduct and our confidential 
reporting system for complaints 
related to the WHO Code. Our anti-
fraud programme provides a common 
framework for fraud related issues.
We use our Nestlé Continuous 
Excellence (NCE) programme to  
further align our risk based approach  
to compliance, providing common 
elements of compliance to be 
considered by all internal gatekeepers. 
They include verification of appropriate 
principles and policies, adequate 
internal controls, effective structures, 
monitoring and reporting, proper 
consequence management and  
above all the right culture and top  
level commitment. Our Group 
Compliance Committee also serves  
as the steering committee for our 
Governance, Risk and Compliance 
(GRC) initiative that aims to further 
integrate the approaches taken in  
the relevant functions under the 
common framework provided by  
Group Compliance.
Since the adoption of the WHO 
Code, we have implemented a global 
programme to ensure compliance 
across all operations involved in the 
marketing of infant nutrition products. 
We adhere to the decisions of all 
governments regarding the application 
of the WHO Code in their countries 
and voluntarily apply the entire WHO 
Code in all developing countries. Our 
Code Compliance Committee provides 
guidance in this area and our inclusion 
in 2011 in the FTSE4Good Index is a 
testimony to our commitment.
We also recognise the UN 
Framework on Business and Human 
Rights. Our human rights due diligence 
programme includes risk assessments, 
impact evaluation, training and 
monitoring. It is coordinated by our 
Human Rights Working Group and 
further strengthens our compliance 
with our Corporate Business Principles 
and our FTSE4Good commitments. 
Good compliance helps us earn 
trust with our employees, investors, 
governments, NGOs and other 
stakeholders, but also our customers 
and consumers. It allows us to credibly 
engage with external organisations. 
For example, we are a founding 
member of the UN Global Compact 
LEAD initiative and the CEO Water 
Mandate, we participate in several 
UNGC Working Groups, we are in a 
regular dialogue with the International 
Labour Organization (ILO) and are 
engaged in a global partnership with 
the International Federation of the Red 
Cross and Red Crescent Societies. 
Throughout this publication we 
present examples of our approach. 
Beyond compliance, how we do 
business is based on sustainability – 
ensuring that our activities preserve our 
business as well as our environment 
for future generations. We will not 
sacrifice our principles and values for 
short-term success. We believe that 
to build a profitable business, we must 
create long-term value for both society 
and for our shareholders. This is what 
we mean by Creating Shared Value.
9

--- Page 14 ---
As the leading Nutrition, Health and Wellness company, 
we help consumers enhance their lives by offering them 
healthier and tastier choices.

--- Page 15 ---
The Nestlé Roadmap to
Good Food, Good Life
In recent years the Nestlé 
4x4x4 Roadmap has helped 
us build both a very strong 
alignment within our 
Company and a deep 
understanding of what we 
want to achieve and how  
we want to go about it.  
Our people are now better 
able than ever to achieve  
our ambition to be the 
recognised and trusted 
leader in Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness, as well  
as to deliver our financial 
objectives. 
We enhance lives by offering 
tastier and healthier food  
and beverage choices for all 
stages of life and at any time 
of the day. True to our  
values and principles, we also 
enhance lives by Creating 
Shared Value through 
sustainable growth, and  
our commitment to 
environmental sustainability 
and compliance along every 
step of the value chain. 
Our commitment is  
to provide Good Food,  
Good Life.
Four competitive advantages
Four growth drivers
Nestlé’s product and brand portfolio 
ranges from global icons to local 
favourites. It is supported by an 
unmatched research and development 
capability, with clear priorities, focused 
on driving innovation and renovation 
that is relevant and attractive for 
consumers. Our Company has an 
unmatched geographic presence, 
due to the number of countries where 
we are present, but also due to the 
depth of our roots in those countries. 
We have operated in most of our 
locations for generations. This has 
created strong relationships between 
our brands and their consumers as 
well as an unrivalled understanding 
of consumers. This enables us to 
anticipate their needs and improve 
the quality of their lives. Our people, 
culture, values and attitude are our 
greatest strength. The Nestlé culture 
binds our people together all over the 
world with a shared set of behaviours 
and values into a single way of doing 
business. Our culture combines a 
long-term mindset with short-term 
action. It encompasses a passion for 
quality – in products, in relationships, 
in everything we do. It is focused on 
competitiveness, calculated risk-taking 
and an unswerving determination to 
deliver our goals, while creating value 
for society as a whole. 
A Nutrition, Health and Wellness 
mindset means offering tastier and 
healthier choices in all our categories to 
consumers throughout the day. But we 
are also addressing specific nutritional 
needs through Nestlé Nutrition and are 
pioneering ways to use nutrition to 
address critical illness through Nestlé 
Health Science. The trust that 
consumers place in Nestlé is reflected 
in the hundreds of millions of purchase 
decisions that they make every  
day when they choose Nestlé  
products. Many consumers with  
lower incomes are consuming our 
Popularly Positioned Products (PPP), 
mainly in emerging markets. We bring 
the same nutritional know-how  
to these consumers, the same brand 
promise and quality, and we strive  
to add the extra plus – such as 
fortification targeted to specific 
nutritional deficiencies. With premium 
products, consumers look to us to give 
them an affordable, indulgent moment 
of pleasure, an everyday reward. Our 
premiumisation strategy, incorporating 
systems and services, as well as 
premium products, is enhancing 
consumers’ lives, whilst creating 
additional value per consumption 
moment: many consumers are not 
looking to eat and drink more; they are 
looking to eat and drink better. The 
fourth of our growth drivers is out-of-
home consumption, a fast growing part 
of our industry. This covers leisure, 
from roadside kiosks in Asia to 
gourmet restaurants in the capitals of 
the world, and institutional catering, 
from schools to hospitals. Our focus is 
on added-value branded food and 
beverage solutions and services.
Nestlé Annual Report 2011
11
11
