
--- Page 6 ---
Dear fellow shareholders,
For more than 150 years, Nestlé has consistently delivered sustainable, 
industry‑leading results by offering healthy, delicious, convenient food and 
beverage products and services. In a rapidly‑changing environment, the  
key to our success has been our ability to balance continuity with change.  
It has required discipline and decisive actions to build sustainable value for the 
long term. We continue on our Nutrition, Health and Wellness journey, while 
we stay true to our purpose and values. We change by adapting our portfolio 
to meet evolving consumer demands, pushing the boundaries of science, 
accelerating innovation, as well as driving greater agility and efficiencies. Our 
people are embracing these changes with passion and dedication. This gives  
us confidence that Nestlé is well positioned for the future.
On track to meet our 2020 goals
Our value creation model is based on a balance 
of top-line growth and bottom-line performance, 
as well as improved capital efficiency. We plan to 
reach mid single-digit organic growth by 2020. 
We also aim to increase our underlying trading 
operating profit margin to between 17.5% and 
18.5% (from 16.0% in 2016). Our 2018 results 
demonstrate that we are on track to meet  
these targets:
 – Organic growth was 3.0%, with continued 
strong real internal growth (RIG) of 2.5% and 
pricing of 0.5%. Growth was supported by 
stronger momentum in the United States  
and China, as well as in infant nutrition.
 – Total reported sales increased by 2.1%  
to CHF 91.4 billion (2017: CHF 89.6 billion).  
Net acquisitions had a positive impact  
of 0.7% and foreign exchange reduced  
sales by 1.6%.
 – Underlying trading operating profit (UTOP) 
margin reached 17.0%, up of 50 basis points. 
Trading operating profit (TOP) margin increased 
by 30 basis points to 15.1%, reflecting higher 
restructuring- related expenses.
Based on these results, the Board of Directors 
has proposed a 24th consecutive increase of the 
yearly dividend to CHF 2.45, to be paid in 2019.
Sharpening our strategic focus
During 2018, our Board reaffirmed the Nutrition, 
Health and Wellness strategy and took decisive 
2
steps to sharpen our strategic focus on food, 
beverages and nutritional health products. 
Consistent with this, we continued to invest in 
advancing the high-growth categories of coffee, 
petcare, nutrition, water, as well as Nestlé Health 
Science. We manage the other categories for a 
balance of growth and value. Due to changing 
industry dynamics and following detailed 
analysis, the Board determined that future 
growth opportunities for Nestlé Skin Health lie 
increasingly outside the Group’s strategic scope. 
It therefore decided to explore strategic options 
for Nestlé Skin Health in the best long-term 
interest of this business and Nestlé shareholders. 
The review is expected to be completed by  
mid-2019.
We further accelerated our portfolio 
management through targeted acquisitions 
that come with high growth potential, deliver 
attractive returns and build on our leadership 
positions. We acquired the perpetual global 
license of Starbucks consumer packaged goods 
and foodservice products. With Starbucks, 
Nescafé and Nespresso we have brought together 
the world’s most iconic coffee brands. We 
acquired Atrium Innovations, a global leader in 
natural, non-GMO vitamins and supplements. In 
addition, we completed the divestiture of our U.S. 
confectionery business, where our low market 
share constrained our ability to win in that market. 
We also completed the sale of the Gerber Life 
Insurance, which was non-core to our business.

--- Page 7 ---
Paul Bulcke, Chairman (left), 
and U. Mark Schneider, 
Chief Executive Officer (right)
“We are executing on our Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness strategy and creating sustained value 
for shareholders and society over the short  
and long term.”
3

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Accelerating growth through innovation  
in a fast-changing environment
In 2018, we delivered improved revenue growth 
and profitability. We achieved this in the 
context of a volatile economic environment and 
significant disruption in both our industry and the 
retail sector.
Consumer tastes, preferences and 
expectations are changing at an unprecedented 
rate. Trends towards more natural and organic 
foods, plant-based proteins, as well as simpler 
and healthier ingredients, are redefining the 
pace at which we need to innovate. Our growth 
was supported by disciplined execution and 
short innovation cycles. In order to launch new 
products quickly, we use rapid prototyping  
and leverage our industry-leading R&D network  
for quick in-market testing. Examples of  
fast product innovation include KitKat Ruby,  
the Yes! snack bar, Perrier & Juice, and  
Garden Gourmet, an authentic vegan meat 
analogue offering.
Moreover, the rise of digital and online 
shopping is fundamentally changing the retail 
industry. We are embracing the opportunities 
offered by the digital transformation across 
marketing, social media and e-commerce. In 
doing so, we are delivering more personalized 
products, messages and services directly to 
our consumers. In 2018, our e-commerce sales 
grew organically by +18% (+25% excluding 
Nespresso) and reached 7.4% of total Nestlé 
sales. There were also strong contributions 
from other fast-growing channels, such as 
Direct-to-Consumer, Convenience, Club,  
Value, Natural, Specialty stores, as well as 
Out-of-Home. We are constantly adapting  
our business models to wherever people look  
for our brands and products.
Our consumers do not just care about what 
they eat, but they also care about how products 
are made and their impact on the environment 
and society. We have placed packaging and 
plastics at the top of our agenda by announcing 
our goal to make 100% of our packaging 
recyclable or reusable by 2025. We are also 
pursuing collective action at an industry level  
in collaboration with our retail partners  
and governments.
4
As we look to 2019, we see that input costs  
are rising, particularly in energy, distribution and  
packaging. As parts of the world are beginning  
to see reinflation, notably emerging markets  
and the United States, the strength of our brands  
and our ability to differentiate and innovate will  
continue to be key to our success.
Improving operational efficiency
To fuel our growth and improve returns, we  
have intensified our drive to find operational  
efficiencies and reduce structural costs. This  
reflects our belief that consumers should not  
pay for our inefficiencies. We have made good  
progress on our significant cost-reduction  
programs across the areas of administration,  
procurement and manufacturing.
We continued to strengthen our business  
focus through simplified and standardized  
processes. We increased the penetration of our  
shared service centers from 17% to 35%, and are 
on track to reach 50% by 2020. In procurement,  
we realized significant savings by leveraging our 
size and scale through three global purchasing  
hubs. We now source 55% of our requirements  
through these hubs and this will reach 60%  
by 2020. In manufacturing we have further  
simplified our factory footprint and increased  
capacity utilization.
The savings that we have generated so far  
have made a significant contribution to the  
improvement in our underlying trading operating  
profit margin. In 2018, it increased by 50 basis  
points to 17.0%.
We also continued to deliver efficiencies in the  
area of R&D and marketing. The primary focus  
of these efficiencies is to free up resources to  
reinvest in growth opportunities and innovation.
We continue to simplify our organizational  
structure to speed up decision-making and  
responsiveness to new consumer trends. In  
2018, infant nutrition successfully moved from a  
globally-managed to a regionally-managed business 
reported within the three Zones. Zone EMENA also 
continued its transformation to a category-focused 
organization, while maintaining the connection to  
local consumers through our Nestlé Markets. In  
parallel, we have tailored compensation to increase 
focus on pricing and capital efficiency.

--- Page 9 ---
Increasing cash returns to shareholders
In 2018, we returned CHF 13.9 billion to 
shareholders through dividends and share 
repurchases. Share buybacks amounted to 
CHF 6.8 billion, as part of the three-year buyback 
program started in July 2017. Over the last ten 
years, Nestlé has returned CHF 104 billion to 
shareholders, of which CHF 40 billion has been in 
the form of share repurchases.
Board of Directors engagement
Our Board of Directors is fully engaged and  
takes an active role in providing guidance on  
our long-term Nutrition, Health and Wellness 
strategy and Creating Shared Value. We benefit 
from the perspectives of seven new independent 
directors who have been added since 2015. This 
includes three directors added in 2018, who  
bring highly-relevant expertise and experience  
as leaders of consumer-facing companies.
In 2018, the Board conducted a strategic 
review that included an analysis of recent trends 
in the food and beverages industry, as well as our 
responses to them. During the year, the Board 
also carried out an analysis of the company’s 
financial structure. It evaluated the M&A 
approach and track record. It also decided to 
explore strategic options for Nestlé Skin Health. 
In addition, the Board also continuously monitors 
the returns and strategic options of our financial 
investment in L’Oréal.
The Board reviewed the progress of Nestlé 
Business Excellence. It assessed the company’s 
talent pool, supporting actions to improve 
gender balance and increase cultural diversity. It 
examined how the company’s talent acquisition, 
retention and development strategies are being 
adapted to cope with the demands of a changing 
work force.
The Board also visited Nestlé in the United 
States on its annual visit to a major market.
During 2018, the Board continued its ongoing 
review of the company’s governance policies and 
compensation to ensure best practices. The Audit 
Committee and the Chairman’s and Corporate 
Governance Committee provided thorough risk 
oversight. The Sustainability Committee reviewed 
our environmental, social and governance 
commitments to support our goal of enhancing 
quality of life and contributing to a healthier future 
for individuals and families, our communities and 
the planet.
Value for all stakeholders
We believe that our Creating Shared Value 
approach enables us to optimize value for our 
shareholders and have a long-term positive 
impact on all stakeholders connected to our 
business. This includes: employees, consumers, 
business partners, as well as the communities 
in which we operate. We recognize that we 
need to continually earn the trust of all of our 
stakeholders. This must be done through the 
way we manage our businesses, create products 
and pursue profitable growth. We emphasize a 
balanced approach by taking an inclusive view of 
these stakeholders, placing Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness at the core of our strategy.
We take this opportunity to thank all our 
associates for their dedication, initiative and 
energy in driving our results. We also express our 
gratitude to the communities in which we live and 
work. Finally, we thank you, our shareholders,  
for your continued support, trust and confidence.
Paul Bulcke
Chairman
U. Mark Schneider
Chief Executive Officer
5

--- Page 10 ---
Pursuing our 
value-creating strategy
Purina ONE: Nestlé’s fastest 
growing billionaire brand
Purina One’s success is driven  
by the superior nutrition 
profile of its products which 
deliver visibly enhanced 
health throughout the life 
of the pet.
6

--- Page 11 ---
As the ‘Good Food, Good Life’ 
company, we enhance quality of 
life and contribute to a healthier 
future. Winning with consumers 
is the source of our sustainable 
financial performance and our 
way to earning trust and maintain 
our market leadership. Based on a 
compelling Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness strategy, our company 
delivers sustainable value over the 
short term and the long term.
Nestlé has many distinctive strengths that keep 
us at the top of our industry. Our people are our 
greatest strength. We have an attractive product 
portfolio in growing categories with leading 
market positions. We are a global company with 
deep local roots, which gives us a unique ability 
to understand local consumers and adapt fast to 
their preferences. We have powerful, valuable 
brands, which consumers trust. Our products 
reach more than 1 billion consumers every day 
across the world. We also have industry-leading 
R&D capabilities that support our Nutrition, 
Health and Wellness strategy and our  
innovation initiatives.
Our Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy
Our success is built on our Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness strategy. Food and beverages are core 
to Nestlé. We aim to provide the tastiest and 
healthiest choices, for all times of the day and for 
all stages of life, delivered in a convenient manner. 
We aim to capture premiumization opportunities 
and, at the other end of the spectrum, offer 
affordable, high-quality nutrition. We add value 
to our brands and products through meaningful 
differentiation and innovation. We do this by 
continually improving the taste, convenience 
and nutritional qualities of our products. We are 
also well-positioned to build and share nutrition 
knowledge from the first 1000 days of life through 
to healthy aging, and benefit from increased 
interest in nutrition to support good health.
How do we create long-term value?
Our long-term value creation model is based on 
the balanced pursuit of resource efficient top- and 
bottom-line growth. We create value by:
 – Increasing growth through innovation, 
differentiation and by being relevant to our 
consumers. We have committed to reach mid 
single-digit organic growth by 2020.
 – Improving operational efficiency with 
the goal to increase our underlying trading 
operating profit margin to between 17.5% and 
18.5% (from 16.0% in 2016), and
 – Allocating our resources and capital with 
discipline and clear priorities, including 
through acquisitions and divestitures.
Increasing growth
Our portfolio is well positioned for growth. In 
the past, we have consistently delivered organic 
growth at the high end of the industry. We have 
a clear path to achieving mid single-digit organic 
growth by 2020.
Investing in high-growth categories and 
regions. We have identified five high-growth 
food and beverages categories with attractive 
growth rates: coffee, petcare, nutrition, water 
and Nestlé Health Science. Together, they 
represent 57% of sales and 61% of underlying 
trading operating profit *. In 2018, organic growth 
was +4.0%. In these key categories, we have 
strong market positions and highly-differentiated 
offerings. They receive particular emphasis 
from a capital allocation standpoint, with 
significant investments in R&D, marketing, capital 
expenditure and external growth whenever 
appropriate. The other categories continue to 
be important contributors and had 1.9% organic 
growth in 2018. These businesses are managed 
for a combination of growth and value.
We are also focused on expanding our 
presence in high-growth regions. Emerging 
markets represent 42% of sales. In 2018, they 
* Before unallocated items.
7

--- Page 12 ---
Pursuing our value-creating strategy
grew organically by +4.9%, three times faster 
than developed markets and with a higher 
underlying trading operating profit margin. In 
most of these emerging markets, Nestlé has been 
present for many decades and our brands enjoy a 
high level of trust and are rightly viewed as local.
Fixing underperforming businesses. 
We have taken decisive actions to improve 
underperforming businesses through innovation, 
better consumer understanding and, when 
needed, management changes and restructuring. 
In 2018, turnaround examples included Nestlé 
Skin Health and Yinlu in China.
Innovating products and business models. 
Rapid innovation and bringing products to market 
faster are key dimensions of our growth agenda. 
At the same time, we continue to invest in 
cutting-edge science and technology to address 
evolving consumer expectations through new 
offerings and product reformulations. Innovation 
also helps us to premiumize our offering and 
contributes to margin improvement. In 2018, 
22% of our sales came from premium products. 
We are not just innovating with new products 
but also new business models. In particular, 
we have a strong focus on personalized and 
Direct-to-Consumer offerings. In 2018, 8.2%  
of our sales came from Direct-to-Consumer  
business models.
Embracing digital opportunities. Our digital 
transformation focuses on delivering personalized 
messaging, services and products to consumers 
at scale. Powered by data and technology, we are 
modernizing our existing brands and business 
operations while developing new, digitally-centric 
business models. Already 10% of all consumer 
contacts are personalized. In addition, in 2018, 
our e-commerce sales grew five times faster  
than the Group average and reached 7.4% of total 
Nestlé sales.
Managing our portfolio. We continue 
to actively evolve our portfolio towards 
attractive, high-growth businesses. In 2018, 
we strengthened our position in coffee 
through the acquisition of the perpetual global 
license of Starbucks consumer packaged 
goods and foodservice products. We also 
divested our U.S confectionery and Gerber 
Life Insurance businesses. While much work 
8
has been done, we are not yet finished. We 
recognize that acquisitions can provide access 
to new technologies, brands, categories and 
geographies. Similarly, small to medium-sized 
acquisitions can offer a fast and cost-effective 
way to embrace new capabilities or business 
models. We are also actively divesting businesses 
that are non-core and where we have limited 
ability to win. We do this in a disciplined way 
with an aim to minimize potential disruption and 
maximize the value of existing businesses.
Improving operational efficiency
In addition to our growth agenda, we have 
committed to increase our underlying trading 
operating profit margin from 16.0% in 2016 to 
between 17.5% and 18.5% by 2020.
Reducing costs. We are actively executing 
several cost-saving initiatives to reduce 
non-consumer facing structural costs by 
between CHF 2.0 and 2.5 billion. These are 
primarily focused on the areas of administration, 
procurement and manufacturing.
We continued to strengthen our business 
focus through our Nestlé Business Excellence 
program to simplify and standardize processes, 
which helped reduce administrative costs. We 
have increased the penetration of our shared 
service centers from 17% to 35% and are on track 
to reach 50% by 2020. We have also generated 
efficiencies in facility management, and real 
estate through site closure and consolidations.
In procurement we have realized significant 
savings by leveraging our size and scale through 
three global purchasing hubs. We now source 
55% of our requirements through these hubs, and 
this will reach 60% by 2020.
In manufacturing we have further simplified our 
factory footprint and increased capacity utilization.
The savings generated in these three areas so 
far have made a significant contribution to the 
improvement in our underlying trading operating 
profit margin by 50 basis points to 17.0% in 2018, 
and there is more to come.
Freeing up resources. We have also continued 
to deliver efficiencies in R&D and marketing. 
The primary focus of these programs is to free 
up resources to provide fuel for growth and 
innovation. As an example, in the last three years, 

--- Page 13 ---
A balanced value creation model
At Nestlé, we believe the best way to guarantee 
long-term sustainable value creation is through a 
balanced pursuit of growth, profitability and capital 
efficiency. Growth is the primary driver of value 
creation. At the same time, we pursue efficiency and 
profitable growth because we recognize that our 
competitiveness is what ensures our sustainability.  
We are disciplined in our capital allocation and 
committed to increasing shareholder returns, while 
investing for the long-term and Creating Shared Value.
more than CHF 500 million in marketing savings 
have been reinvested in building our brands.
Adjusting management structures and 
systems. We have continued to adapt our 
organization to be simpler and faster. We 
are empowering our market and regional 
teams to drive growth. To support them, we 
have implemented initiatives to delayer our 
organization and speed up decision making 
at a local level. In parallel, we have tailored 
compensation to prioritize profitable growth and 
improved capital efficiency.
Allocating capital with discipline and  
clear priorities
We follow prudent financial policies designed to 
strike the right balance between capital allocation 
and flexible access to financial markets. We have 
well-defined priorities in this regard.
Investing in organic growth. We invest in 
our business through R&D, brand support and 
capital expenditure to support top-line growth. 
Our approach is rigorous and discerning. We 
are allocating more resources behind those 
businesses with the highest potential to create 
economic profit. We have also continued to focus 
on reducing working capital. The five-quarter 
average working capital in % of sales reached 
1.4% at the end of 2018, –20 bps versus the  
restated figure for 2017.
Paying dividends. For 2019, the Board of 
Directors has proposed a 24th consecutive 
dividend increase amounting to CHF 2.45. This 
underlines our commitment to continually return 
capital to shareholders.
Disciplined approach to acquisitions. This 
is based on strategic and cultural fit, as well 
as financial returns. We pursue a disciplined 
acquisition policy, particularly in terms of the 
price that we are prepared to pay. We prioritize 
our high-growth categories and regions, 
particularly coffee, nutrition, petcare, water and 
Nestlé Health Science. For the companies we 
acquire, we have solid integration plans with clear 
accountability and precise targets.
Share buybacks. We have returned 
CHF 6.8 billion of capital to shareholders in 2018 
through share repurchases. This is part of the 
three-year CHF 20 billion share buyback program 
announced in July 2017. This brings the total 
returned to shareholders over the last ten years to 
104 billion.
We also regularly review our capital structure 
to ensure it is appropriate in the context of market 
conditions and our strategic priorities.
Creating Shared Value
Creating Shared Value (CSV) is fundamental 
to how we do business. We believe that our 
company will only be successful for the long term 
by creating value for both our shareholders and 
for society.
Business benefits and positive societal impact 
are mutually reinforcing. In practical terms,  
our products must provide a nutritional benefit  
to the consumer. They must also contribute to  
the development of the local communities  
where we operate and protect the environment 
for future generations through the practice of 
resource stewardship.
9

--- Page 14 ---
Innovating for a changing world
NAN Supreme: Breakthrough 
science creates new 
competitive advantage
Nestlé continues to lead the  
way in developing innovative  
and scientifically‑proven  
infant formulas. NAN Supreme 
contains a Human Milk 
Oligosaccharide (HMOs) blend 
which promotes a healthy baby 
gut bacteria and reduces the risk 
of infections by stimulating  
the immune system.
10

--- Page 15 ---
At Nestlé, continuous innovation is 
part of our DNA. It is a cornerstone 
of our success and key to our 
strategy. For over 150 years, we 
have built unique competitive 
advantages. We have unmatched 
expertise in understanding the 
relationship between nutrition and 
health. Our ability to identify local 
and global trends and translate 
these into meaningful innovations 
that meet consumer demand is 
what drives our growth.
Science-based innovation
Nestlé operates the world’s largest science and 
innovation network in the food and beverages 
industry. In 2018, we invested CHF 1.7 billion into 
R&D. This investment enables us to strengthen 
our solid scientific foundation, leading to new 
breakthrough science and technologies.
We continue to invest in long-term 
innovation projects with the potential for high 
returns. Examples include infant and maternal 
nutrition, healthy aging, personalized nutrition, 
and understanding the microbiome. We are 
committed to delivering on our Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness strategy by further reducing 
sugar, salt and fat. We are also eliminating food 
additives, while fortifying existing products with 
added nutritional benefits.
At the same time, we have increased the 
pace of innovation to be even more responsive 
to consumer trends. We are encouraging our 
researchers to think like entrepreneurs, to explore 
and rapidly test new ideas. In order to stay on  
top of emerging science and technology trends,  
we collaborate closely with academic institutions, 
start-ups and innovation partners across  
the world.
Rapidly-evolving consumer preferences
The food and beverages industry is transforming 
rapidly. Smaller, agile and fast-moving start-ups 
are challenging larger companies by increasing 
the rate of change. Consumer needs and 
expectations are also evolving. There is  
greater demand for healthier and more  
authentic products, including those that are 
locally inspired. These reflect a desire for greater 
transparency and new product experiences. 
There is also a growing global trend toward 
healthier lifestyles, including specific dietary 
requirements such as vegetarian, lactose-free  
or gluten-free.
Increasing our speed
Having great ideas is important, but the real 
opportunity lies in how fast we translate these 
into attractive and relevant products. We want 
to win in the marketplace by creating more 
new and impactful products, services and 
experiences. To launch new products quickly we 
use fast prototyping and leverage our size and 
scale for quick in-market testing. Our R&D and 
commercial functions join forces from the start 
to determine what is desirable to the consumer, 
feasible for the business and creates value 
for Nestlé. We combine this with a pragmatic 
approach to market entry. We are leveraging 
our existing industrial footprint, R&D facilities 
and co-manufacturing partners to support 
faster launches. This allows us to lower or defer 
capital expenditure commitments until we 
have evidence from the market place that an 
innovation can gain traction.
Addressing local consumer trends
When it comes to understanding consumers 
we remain at the forefront of our industry. 
We are a largely decentralized organization, 
which means that our teams are close to the 
consumer. We want to take greater advantage 
of this strength. To do so, we are simplifying 
our innovation processes, and empowering 
our local teams to move earlier on trends. We 
encourage these teams to take greater initiative 
and create products relevant to local consumers. 
Our ambition is to create a steady stream of 
innovative stand-out products.
11
