
--- Page 6 ---
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Dear fellow shareholder,
The business environment was again marked by great uncer-
tainty in 2014. Disruptive socio-economic and political change 
continued to affect growth in many parts of the world. In the 
emerging markets, economic volatility worsened as growth 
rates  slowed  and  currencies  weakened.  In  the  developed 
markets, deflationary pressures and soft consumer demand 
resulted in a continued challenging trading environment. In 
the face of such uncertainty it was more important than ever 
to stay the course and remain loyal to our strategy, driving 
short-term  performance  while  ensuring  we  made  the  right 
decisions  to  deliver  our  long-term  goals.  We  took  decisive 
steps to further our ambition to be the world’s recognised 
leading Nutrition, Health and Wellness company, trusted by 
all  stakeholders,  while  again  delivering  financial  results  in 
2014 that outperformed the market. 
Sales were CHF 91.6 billion, with organic growth of 4.5%, 
composed  of  real  internal  growth  of  2.3%  and  pricing  of 
2.2%. The Group’s trading operating profit was CHF 14.0 bil-
lion and the margin increased by 10 basis points to 15.3%, 
up 30 basis points in constant currencies. This performance 
was  achieved  whilst  we  again  increased  consumer  facing 
marketing  support  for  our  brands.  The  net  profit  rose  to 
CHF 14.5 billion. The CHF 4.4 billion increase in net profit also 
reflects the profit realised on the disposal of part of the stake 
in L’Oréal and the revaluation gain on the 50% of Galderma  
already held when the Group brought its ownership from 50% 
to 100% (see below). Earnings per share were CHF 4.54, up 
44.6%. Underlying earnings per share were up 4.4% in con-
stant currencies. The Group’s operating cash flow remained 
strong at CHF 14.7 billion. In view of this performance and the 
company’s strong financial position, the Board is proposing 
a dividend of CHF 2.20 per share up from CHF 2.15 last year.
Through continuous innovation and renovation of our food 
and beverages portfolio we are able to offer people healthier 
and  tastier  choices  at  every  stage  of  their  life,  at  any  time 
of the day. Science-based innovation enables us to enhance 
the quality of people’s diets, using our knowledge and our 
research and development capability to make a positive con-
tribution to society. Wherever you are in the world, we have 
safe,  nutritious  products  to  help  you  care  for  yourself  and 
your family. A few years ago, we expanded the boundaries 
of Nutrition, Health and Wellness with the creation of Nestlé 
Health Science, motivated by the opportunity to forge a major 
therapeutic role for nutrition in the management of health. In 
line with this broadened strategy, in 2014 the Board approved 
the sale of 48.5 million L’Oréal shares to L’Oréal for cancella-
tion. Part of the proceeds were used for the acquisition of the 
50% stake in our joint venture Galderma from L’Oréal, bring-
ing our ownership of Galderma to 100%. Galderma formed 
the foundation of a new Nestlé subsidiary, Nestlé Skin Health. 
Its goal is to be recognised as the leading company in skin 
health, offering science-based solutions to protect, nourish 
and enhance skin, and where needed to treat, correct and 
restore damaged skin over the course of people’s lives. Nestlé 
Skin  Health  provides  prescription  drugs,  self-medication, 
therapeutic  skin  care  and  aesthetic  and  corrective  medi-
cine, allowing us to compete in the growing and promising 
multi-billion global skincare market. Nestlé Skin Health was 
further strengthened by the acquisition of the full rights to 
commercialise several key aesthetic dermatology products in 
the United States and Canada.
These developments ensure that, building on the strong 
foundations of our food and beverages business and guided 
increasingly by science, we can further expand our portfolio 
to provide promising platforms for future growth in line with 
our strategy of Nutrition, Health and Wellness. At the same 
time, we continue the drive to ensure our company is organ-
ised efficiently and effectively to deliver continuous profitable 
growth over the long term. With this objective in mind we 
made some key decisions, adapting our organisational struc-
ture to better prepare ourselves today to meet the challenges 
of tomorrow.
While our company continues to benefit from its decen-
tralised structure, allowing key decisions to be made as close 
as possible to consumers, there is still an important oppor-
tunity to better leverage our scale. That is why in 2014 we 
set up Nestlé Business Excellence at Executive Board Level, 
combining  GLOBE  (Nestlé’s  Global  Business  Excellence 
function) with Nestlé Business Services (our shared operation 
for transactional services around the world) and Nestlé Con-
tinuous Excellence (our continuous improvement and LEAN 
programme).  Through  a  focus  on  three  areas:  Simplifying, 
Standardising and Sharing, Nestlé Business Excellence will 
allow us to decrease structural costs and operational expens-
es, freeing up resources to support growth. This will also al-
low our markets to keep a sharp focus on generating demand.
We  have  integrated  the  Maghreb,  the  Middle  East,  the 
North East Africa region, Turkey and Israel into Zone Europe 
to form Zone EMENA (Europe, Middle East and North Africa). 
This balances the different consumer dynamics and oppor-
tunities in each geography. Additionally it allows a sharper 
focus in Zone Asia, Oceania and Africa, a fast-growing part 
2

--- Page 7 ---
Paul Bulcke, Chief Executive Officer (left), and Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, Chairman (right). 
3

--- Page 8 ---
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
of the world where three quarters of the global population 
live, enabling us to dedicate more attention to countries and 
regions which are highly complex but have huge potential.
The new Nestlé Business Excellence function is led by Chris  
Johnson, the former head of Zone Americas. Zone Americas 
is now led by Laurent Freixe, the former head of Zone Europe, 
and the new Zone EMENA by Luis Cantarell, who previously 
was in charge of Nestlé Nutrition and Nestlé Health Science. 
The new head of Nestlé Nutrition is Heiko Schipper, who was 
formerly responsible for our Global Infant Nutrition division. 
Nestlé Health Science is led by Greg Behar, who joined the 
company from Boehringer Ingelheim in July. The newly estab-
lished Nestlé Skin Health is led by Humberto Antunes, former-
ly the Chief Executive Officer of our joint venture Galderma.
We  further  reinforced  our  business  through  continued 
active  portfolio  management,  reviewing  the  performance 
of  different  products  in  different  markets  to  assess  strate-
gic fit, the extent to which they were accretive against our 
financial  targets,  and  what  investments  were  necessary  to 
deliver growth. We made choices about where we wanted to 
invest, where we wanted to improve, and what we wanted to 
divest. Making such choices enables us to align our resourc-
es behind our best ideas, products and categories, to deliver 
sustained financial performance and help us on our journey 
to recognised Nutrition, Health and Wellness leadership over 
the short term and the long term.
We  also  announced  new  investments  and  research 
collaborations, which will enhance our ability to deliver sci-
ence-based solutions to improve the quality of people’s lives. 
A  newly-announced  research  partnership  with  the  EpiGen 
consortium will help us to better develop our understanding 
of the influence of nutrition and genetics at the beginning of 
life  and  continue  to  build  our  knowledge  in  this  important 
area. The Nestlé Institute of Health Sciences began a collab-
oration on a groundbreaking project, which could one day 
lead to the development of made-to-measure vitamin com-
binations  tailored  to  individual  needs.  Our  company  was 
founded almost 150 years ago on the product Henri Nestlé 
invented, farine lactée. It saved the life of a child. Today we 
continue to invest in science-based innovation to ensure we 
can answer current and future needs. 
It is our fundamental belief that to be successful over time 
we  need  to  create  value  for  our  shareholders  while  at  the 
same time creating value for society. We call this Creating 
Shared Value. To prosper we have to take a long-term view, 
framed in a robust set of principles and values that are based 
on respect: respect for people, respect for the environment, 
and  respect  for  the  world  we  live  in.  What  we  do  and  the 
effects of what we do are highly visible. It is our responsibility 
to connect with different stakeholders, to show transparency 
and build trust. We have therefore again in 2014 reported on 
our social performance and our compliance in our Nestlé in 
society report, and our progress towards meeting the tough 
targets we set ourselves.
In 2014 we held another successful Creating Shared Value 
forum, this time at the Nestlé Research Center in Lausanne, 
co-organised for the first time with a United Nations body, 
the UN Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD). 
The President of the Swiss Confederation used his address to 
the event to plead for water to become a self-standing goal 
of  the  future  global  development  agenda.  At  the  event  we 
renewed our long-standing partnership with the International 
Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. Since 
2006 this collaboration has focused on the improvement of 
rural communities’ access to clean water and sanitation. 
Currently, at the United Nations there are intense discus-
sions about the global development goals for the period after 
2015. At the same time, governments and international organ-
isations are increasingly reliant on the expertise, experience 
and resources of the private sector to help address some of 
the  world’s  most  pressing  problems.  This  offers  an  oppor-
tunity for global companies such as Nestlé to make a valu-
able contribution, in partnership with governments and civil  
society. We are participating actively in the policy dialogue in 
areas which will deeply influence our future business, such as 
food security, nutrition and health, water, sustainability, and 
human rights.
The Board of Directors has actively supported the decisions 
we have taken to further strengthen our Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness strategy in 2014. It carried out a review of the Wyeth 
acquisition, received an update on Nestlé Professional, and 
visited our operations in France, where the discussions includ-
ed a focus on Nestlé Waters. The Board discussed our global 
strategy in November, and reviewed our business in the United  
States, as well as Nestlé Nutrition, Nestlé Health Science and 
Nestlé Skin Health. It also examined our past capital invest-
ments and future needs, as well as our continuing active port-
folio management. The Board exercised its responsibilities for 
financial planning and oversight, risk and compliance man-
agement, and setting the right tone at the top of the company.
At our 2014 shareholders’ meeting, the Board proposed 
significant changes to our corporate governance in response 
to changes in Swiss legislation. The changes to our Articles 
of Association were approved by a large majority. For the first 
4

--- Page 9 ---
time in 2014, shareholders had to elect all members of the Board 
for annual terms and to directly elect the Chairman of the Board 
and the Members of the Compensation Committee. The new 
governance framework had a significant impact on our Annual 
General Meeting (AGM) and put compliance at the forefront of 
the meeting. The role of the Board has changed and the AGM 
has  been  given  increased  responsibilities.  We  therefore  lead 
an active dialogue with our shareholders and proxy advisors to  
explain these changes and new responsibilities. 
At our next AGM in April, we will for the first time submit our 
proposals for the compensation of the Board of Directors and 
the Executive Board for approval by our shareholders as required 
by the new legislation. We have implemented these measures 
in a manner designed to preserve legal certainty, while ensuring 
that compensation remains competitive. We continue our active  
dialogue  with  investors  and  encourage  all  shareholders  to  
vote and to help preserve our long-term focus as set out in our 
Articles of Association.
Our success has always been based upon our determin ation 
to stay the course and look ahead, to understand the environ-
ment in which we operate, to organise ourselves to seize op-
portunities to deliver profitable growth, now and in the future. 
Although we are operating in a challenging and turbulent eco-
nomic environment, we see these as fascinating times, full of 
opportunities. We continue to commit ourselves to ambitious fi-
nancial targets. We aim to achieve organic growth of around 5% 
to 6%, improvements in margins and underlying earnings per 
share in constant currencies, as well as capital efficiency. There 
will be years when we exceed our ambition and years where we 
come close, but this is the line we want to walk over time.
We would like to thank our 339 000 employees, whose com-
mitment to Nestlé, hard work and disciplined alignment behind 
our strategy ensured that we achieved our common goals. Their 
talent, their creativity, their discipline and entre preneurship are 
key to delivering our results. We would also like to thank you, our 
shareholders, for your investment and your confidence, which 
have enabled us to deliver good  returns for investors over the 
long term.
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe  
Chairman
Paul Bulcke 
Chief Executive Officer
5

--- Page 10 ---
ENHANCING LIVES AND WELL-BEING
6

--- Page 11 ---
Supporting parents in raising  
healthier children
12
Developing innovative products  
to safeguard skin health 
16
Helping ageing dogs maintain brain health
20
Continuing to deliver the highest quality 
espresso coffee through Nespresso 
24
Extending new job opportunities  
to European youth 
30
7

--- Page 12 ---
THE STRATEGY
8
For almost 150 years we have enhanced people’s lives by offer-
ing tastier and healthier food and beverages choices at all stages 
of life and at any time of day, helping them care for themselves 
and their families. We have built our success by anti cipating the 
future and continuously adapting ourselves to seize the oppor-
tunities it presents. 
Through the continuous innovation and renovation of our pro-
ducts we are helping people enjoy healthier diets. In 2014 we 
continued to invest behind the ideas, the products and the cat-
egories that help us on our journey towards recognised Nutrition,  
Health and Wellness leadership, and deliver sustained financial 
performance. 
The  Nestlé  Strategic  Roadmap  (facing  page)  is  our  compass, 
driving internal alignment behind our goals. The roadmap shows 
the strengths we leverage to drive performance and deliver com-
petitive advantage. Our strong culture, values and principles, all 
based on respect, unite us worldwide.
Our ambition is not just to be the leader but the industry refer-
ence for Nutrition, Health and Wellness. In recent years we have 
built on the strong foundations of our unrivalled food and bev-
erage portfolio, exploring the benefits of nutrition’s therapeutic 
role with Nestlé Health Science. In 2014 we again expanded the 
boundaries of Nutrition, Health and Wellness with the creation 
of Nestlé Skin Health, offering scientifically-proven products and 
solutions for people’s skin health needs throughout their lives.
In the following pages we highlight some of our efforts to con-
tribute to society, driven by our determination to offer Nutrition, 
Health and Wellness for all.

--- Page 13 ---
Operational  
pillars
Innovation 
and renovation
e – Sustainability
c
n
a
i
l
p
m
o
C
Whenever,
wherever, 
however
Operational
efficiency
Nutrition, 
Health and 
Wellness
Growth  
drivers
Out-of-home 
consumption
Emerging 
markets and
Popularly 
Positioned 
Products
Creating S
h
are
d 
V
a
l
u
e
Our objective is to be the 
leader in Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness, and the industry 
reference for financial 
performance, trusted 
by all stakeholders
Premiumisation
Consumer
engagement
Nestlé culture, values and principles
Unmatched
product
and brand
portfolio
People, 
culture, values 
and attitude
Unmatched 
geographic 
presence
Unmatched 
research 
and development 
capability
Competitive  
advantages
9

--- Page 14 ---
THE STRATEGY
Nutrition, Health and Wellness – 
our promise for a better life
We enhance people’s lives by offering tastier  
and healthier food and beverage choices  
at all stages of life and at all times of the day.
Nutrition, Health and Wellness is a priority for the people who 
buy our products, for society as a whole and for us as a busi-
ness. As the world’s leading food and beverage company we 
have a responsibility to use our knowledge and our research 
and development capability to make a positive difference to 
society. We have an important role to play in not only provid-
ing good nutrition but in helping people understand its value. 
Start Healthy Stay Healthy is our interactive, science-based 
education  programme  designed  to  help  parents  and  care-
givers  provide  nutritionally  and  developmentally  adequate 
nutrition in the crucial first 1000 days of life. We support and 
promote breastfeeding as the best start a baby can have in 
life. Our educational programmes are targeted at people who 
are most involved in implementing good practices during this 
important early period in a child’s development. We help to 
guide parents and caregivers to raise healthier children and 
help healthcare professionals have a greater impact on the 
nutritional aspects of care of future generations. 
We continue to reinforce our leadership in the area of chil-
dren’s nutrition. By the end of 2014 98% of all our products 
for children met the Nestlé Nutritional Foundation criteria for 
children.  These  criteria  are  based  on  nutrition  science  and 
public health dietary recommendations from bodies such as 
the World Health Organization and the Institute of Medicine. 
Our products are evaluated against these criteria using the 
Nestlé  Nutritional  Profiling  System  which  determines  their 
nutritional value and whether they achieve Nestlé Nutritional 
Foundation status.
We are carrying out large-scale studies together with lead-
ing scientists of children’s diet and lifestyles, based on the 
success of the Nestlé Feeding Infants and Toddlers Study. In 
addition to dietary intakes and behaviours, our research ex-
plores family dynamics around diets and key lifestyle patterns 
of children while documenting their height and weight. We 
use this data to support our product reformulation, consumer 
communication and educational programmes, and we share 
the results with the wider scientific community, non-govern-
mental organisations and others.
We ensure global compliance with responsible advertis-
ing and marketing standards for children, abiding by external 
pledges such as the EU Pledge. At the end of 2014, the Ex-
ecutive Board approved an updated and strengthened Nestlé 
Marketing Communication to Children Policy, which will come 
into effect in December 2015. To ensure consistent and effec-
tive implementation, detailed internal guidelines have been 
developed and external stakeholders are encouraged to pro-
vide feedback via our Tell us reporting mechanism. We have 
phased  out  our  marketing  communication  in  schools  and 
reinforced our health and wellness education activities, par-
ticularly those that positively impact children’s development 
and support governments’ goals to increase physical activity. 
By  the  end  of  2014  the  Nestlé  Healthy  Kids  programme 
was in 73 countries, supporting initiatives which demonstrate 
how appropriate nutrition and exercise can improve the health 
of children and their communities. In addition, our own stud-
ies in four countries have shown that two thirds of children 
are insufficiently hydrated when they arrive at school. In 2014 
we provided tools and information that schools, parents and 
caregivers need to ensure children learn about the benefits of 
healthy hydration. 
United for Healthier Kids is a platform, created by Nestlé 
in  2014,  where  society  can  engage  and  collaborate  to  find 
ways to improve the health and wellness of children, from 
conception to the age of 12 years. In Mexico, a TV series was 
launched which supports and encourages five families look-
ing to change their eating and lifestyle habits over six months. 
The platform has also been launched in the Philippines.
Through innovation and renovation we continue to make 
our products tastier and healthier. In line with the recommen-
dations from public health authorities, we are reducing the 
amount of salt, sugar and saturated fats in our products as 
part of our contribution towards the fight against non-com-
municable diseases in society. Our reduction targets are in-
cluded in our public nutrition commitments (detailed in the 
Nestlé in society report) so our progress can be measured. 
We are also ensuring that whole grains are the primary ingre-
dient in our breakfast cereals for children and teenagers. 
We want to help people who buy our products to make 
informed  decisions  by  giving  them  better  nutritional  infor-
mation on our product labels. We are enhancing our portion 
guidance and have committed to print GDAs (Guideline Daily 
Amounts) on the front of all relevant packaging. These make 
it easier for people to see how much salt, sugar or fat is in the 
product, and how the amounts compare to reference daily 
guidelines. Nestlé Portion Guidance is a voluntary initiative 
10

--- Page 15 ---
that bridges the gap between dietary recommendations and 
more user-friendly information to promote the right portion 
size. It is designed to help reframe portion norms, particularly 
in energy dense categories where habitual servings have in-
creased over time. 
In parts of the world where people find it difficult to get 
essential vitamins and minerals in their daily diets, we fortify 
foods  to  help  them  and  their  families  stay  healthy.  We  are 
on track to deliver our commitment of 200 billion servings of  
micronutrient fortified foods and beverages annually around 
the world by next year. In 2014 we continued to extend the 
reach of our microfortification programmes, focusing on cat-
egories for children and women of child-bearing age, such as 
fortified infant cereals and growing-up milks.
Nestlé Healthy Kids
Finding ways to help children, like these  
in Brazil, to be more active and to make  
healthy eating choices helps them achieve  
and maintain a healthy body weight.
Salt reduction
Nestlé scientists at the Product 
Technology Centre in Singen, 
Germany, are working to reduce 
the amount of salt in Maggi Tomato 
Mozzarella Soup by enhancing 
other flavours.
Guiding the portions
This label from Italy gives detailed information 
about the contents of a recommended  
portion made with 13.5 g of Nestlé Nesquik  
and 200 ml of milk. 
Read more about Nutrition, Health and Wellness: 
www.nestle.com/nutrition-health-wellness
www.nestle.com/csv/nutrition
11
