
--- Page 6 ---
Dear fellow shareholders,
Nestlé stands for Good food, Good life. Quality of food and quality of life go together. 
What and how we eat and drink is fundamental to our health and wellness, today and 
for the future. Our Nutrition, Health and Wellness journey is guided by our Creating 
Shared Value approach to business. We live our purpose and responsibilities to our 
shareholders, the communities in which we operate and the planet on which we live. 
We aim to be trusted and dependable. That means responsibly manufacturing our 
products and managing our supply chain, bringing meaningful innovations to market, 
and building brands that delight and do good. We do this in a way that is true to the 
values that our company has been built on for more than 150 years. Because  
Good food and Good life are good business.
Delivering results sustainably
2019 was again a year of progress on all fronts for Nestlé. We delivered improved and 
industry-leading results, with a balance of top- and bottom-line growth. Highlights include:
 – Actively managing our portfolio. We sharpened Nestlé’s strategic focus on food, 
beverage and nutritional health products.
 – Accelerating innovation. Science and technology are fundamental to Nestlé. We made 
fundamental changes in our research and development. This is empowering Nestlé to 
anticipate changing consumer trends, with faster innovations and product launches.
 – Embracing new technologies. We continued to advance our capabilities, from digital 
marketing and e-commerce to supply chain traceability.
 – Taking a leadership role in sustainability. We accelerated actions to tackle climate 
change and we committed to zero net greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We made 
substantial progress on our journey to make 100% of our packaging recyclable or 
reusable by 2025.
Making progress toward our growth and profitability targets
Our long-term value creation model is based on the balanced pursuit of top-line growth 
and bottom-line performance as well as improved capital efficiency. Our ambition is to 
reach a sustainable mid single-digit level of organic growth as from 2021 / 2022 and to 
increase our underlying trading operating profit margin to between 17.5% and 18.5% in 
2020. We are pleased with our progress against these targets:
 – Organic growth increased to 3.5%, with 2.9% of real internal growth (RIG) and pricing  
of 0.6%. Increased organic growth was supported by good momentum in Nestlé’s 
largest market, the United States, and Purina PetCare. Innovation was key to the 
accelerated growth.
 – Total reported sales increased by 1.2% to CHF 92.6 billion (2018: CHF 91.4 billion).  
Net divestments had a negative impact of 0.8% and foreign exchange reduced sales  
by 1.5%.
 – Underlying trading operating profit (UTOP) margin increased by 60 basis points in 
constant currency and on a reported basis to 17.6%.
2

--- Page 7 ---
Paul Bulcke, Chairman (left), 
and U. Mark Schneider, Chief Executive Officer (right)
3

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
 – Underlying earnings per share growth increased by 11.1% in constant currency and  
by 9.8% on a reported basis to CHF 4.41.
 – Free cash flow increased by 10.9% to CHF 11.9 billion (2018: CHF 10.8 billion).
Based on these results, the Board of Directors has proposed a 25th consecutive 
increase of the yearly dividend to CHF 2.70, to be paid in April 2020.
Sharpening our strategic focus around nutrition, health and wellness
2019 was a busy and successful year in terms of portfolio adjustment. We delivered all 
that we announced at the start of the year and more. We further sharpened Nestlé’s 
strategic focus on food, beverages and nutritional health products. The most significant 
transaction was the divestment of Nestlé Skin Health for CHF 10.2 billion. This business 
was no longer core to our Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy, as its future growth 
opportunities lie increasingly outside of Nestlé’s strategic boundaries. We continued to 
shift our portfolio toward higher growth categories in a disciplined way to maximize the 
value of our assets. We reached an agreement to sell our U.S. ice cream business to 
Froneri for USD 4 billion. We also agreed to sell a 60% stake of Herta and create a joint 
venture with Casa Tarradellas.
Harmonizing and simplifying our organizational structure
We took the decision to migrate the globally-managed Nestlé Waters business to our 
three geographic Zones from the start of 2020. This represents a further step toward 
harmonizing and simplifying our organizational structure. The move is expected  
to increase responsiveness and competitiveness, as Nestlé Waters generates around 
60% of its sales through local brands. This structure change follows the successful 
migrations of Nestlé Nutrition and Nestlé Professional into the Zones.
Boosting organic growth through fast innovation
An engaged generation of consumers is driving a new food ideology, with trends 
toward more natural and organic foods, plant-based proteins and simpler, healthier 
ingredients. They expect brands to provide experiences beyond the product, be 
authentic and act as a force for good – both socially and environmentally.
These forces have led us to redefine our approach to new product development with 
shorter innovation cycles and faster launches. During 2019, we shortened timelines of 
fundamental research projects by 30% on average. Fifty key fast-track projects made the 
journey from idea to launch within 12 months. In total, we introduced around 1400 new 
products worldwide and reformulated 4000 products to improve nutritional value.
Starbucks. The rapid launch of our Starbucks portfolio is a prime example of how we 
aim to act with urgency and speed to maximize growth opportunities. Within six months 
of acquiring the license, we successfully launched the first wave of new products. In 
2019, we launched 29 Starbucks products into more than 40 countries and generated 
incremental sales of more than CHF 300 million.
Plant-based food. We believe that plant-based products should be delicious, offer 
a better nutritional profile and have a lower environmental footprint compared to meat. 
Through our strong innovation capacity, we developed our Garden Gourmet Incredible 
Burger in one year and launched it successfully in 10 European countries during 2019. 
4

--- Page 9 ---
“Companies that Create Shared Value 
demonstrate that business should be a force for 
good. Making a real contribution to society and 
helping to find solutions to global challenges 
is fundamental to our way of doing business. 
To give focus to our efforts, we have set goals 
that include best environmental, social and 
governance practices across our operations.”
We also launched the Awesome Burger in the United States under the Sweet Earth 
brand. Both Garden Gourmet and Sweet Earth have developed a wide range of plant-
based products that go beyond the burger, including vegan alternatives to chicken, 
cheese and bacon. We have the ambition and scale to be a major player in this area.
Leveraging technology at all levels of our business
Science and technology touch every part of our business from farm to fork. As 
suppliers, customers and consumers are increasingly going digital, we are also 
adapting and evolving our way of working. We take practical inspiration from experts 
and pioneers across all industries and look to understand emerging, long-term trends 
with the advice of our Scientific & Technology Advisory Council.
Digital transformation. We are investing in digital transformation across marketing, 
social media, e-commerce, manufacturing and supply chain. This helps us become 
data-powered, develop new business models, and deliver more personalized products, 
messages and services for our consumers.
Supply chain transparency. During 2019, we became the first major food and 
beverage company to pilot open blockchain technology. This allows consumers to track 
our food right back to the farm. This is part of Nestlé’s journey toward full supply chain 
transparency and traceability. We want our consumers to make an informed decision 
and be able to choose responsibly produced products.
Fueling growth and returns through cost efficiencies
Driving efficiencies across the organization is critical to free up resources for investment 
in product innovation and brand building, while improving returns. We continued to 
make progress in reducing our structural costs across administration, procurement 
and manufacturing. Our structural costs in percentage of sales declined for the third 
consecutive year, reflecting our ability to control costs even as we grow our businesses.
As part of our structural cost savings program, Nestlé USA started to transition its pizza 
and ice cream businesses from a frozen Direct-Store-Delivery network to a warehouse 
distribution model. This change will leverage the highly-efficient warehouse network 
that is already used for frozen meals and snacks. Leveraging a simpler route to market 
5

--- Page 10 ---
Letter to our shareholders
unlocks resources we can use to fuel our efforts in demand generation, such as product 
innovation and brand building. This is a key step to support Nestlé’s profitable growth.
Returning significant cash to shareholders
In 2019, we returned CHF 16.9 billion to shareholders through dividends and share 
repurchases. Share buybacks amounted to CHF 9.7 billion, as part of our buyback 
program started in July 2017. Over the last fifteen years, Nestlé has returned 
CHF 153.6 billion to shareholders, of which CHF 67 billion has been in the form  
of share repurchases.
On December 30, 2019, Nestlé announced to distribute a further amount of up to 
CHF 20 billion to shareholders over the period 2020 to 2022. We intend to maintain 
the company’s longstanding sustainable dividend practice. The new distribution 
reflects Nestlé’s continued strong cash generation as well as significant cash inflows 
from disposals. We maintain a preference for value-creating investments in our food, 
beverage and nutritional products businesses. We will retain the flexibility to adjust  
the amount distributed through share buybacks, should any sizable acquisitions  
take place.
Taking a leadership role to be a force for good
Companies that Create Shared Value demonstrate that business should be a force 
for good. Making a real contribution to society and helping to find solutions to global 
challenges is fundamental to our way of doing business. To give focus to our efforts, we 
have set goals that include best environmental, social and governance practices across 
our operations.
Tackling climate change. Climate change is one of the biggest threats to our 
society and to our business. In 2019, Nestlé announced its ambition to achieve zero net 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Some of our specific steps include speeding up 
the transformation of our products to lower their environmental footprint, scaling up 
initiatives in agriculture to absorb more carbon and using 100% renewable electricity 
in Nestlé sites. During 2021, we will lay out a time-bound plan including interim targets 
consistent with the 1.5° C path. We will review and communicate progress annually to 
ensure we are on track.
Shaping a waste-free future. We are taking leadership in reducing the environmental 
impact of our products and have committed to make 100% of our packaging recyclable 
or reusable by 2025. In 2019, we launched our Institute of Packaging Sciences, dedicated  
to the discovery and development of functional, safe and environmentally-friendly 
packaging solutions. We have started to eliminate plastic straws from our products, 
rolled out paper packaging for products such as Nesquik and the Yes! snack bar and 
increased the use of recycled plastic in our water brands.
Promoting gender balance. Gender balance is a key component of Nestlé’s 
approach to diversity and inclusion. We have made progress in recent years with 42% of 
managerial positions now held by women. With our Nestlé Gender Balance Acceleration 
Plan, Nestlé will put further emphasis on increasing the proportion of women in the 
Group’s top 200 senior executive positions from around 20% currently to 30% by 2022. 
This is another step in Nestlé’s journey toward gender parity.
6

--- Page 11 ---
Board of Directors engagement
Our Board of Directors takes an active role in providing guidance on our long-term 
Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy and Creating Shared Value approach to 
business. We continue to add new perspectives and relevant experience to the Board. 
In 2019, we appointed two independent directors with expertise in food retail  
and technology.
During the year, the Board conducted deep-dive analyses of our infant nutrition, 
coffee and Nestlé Health Science strategies. It also evaluated the company’s post-
acquisition returns and performance and reviewed our digital strategy. The Board 
approved the sale of our U.S. ice cream business to the Froneri joint venture and the 
sale of a 60% stake of Herta to create a joint venture with Casa Tarradellas.
The Board agreed to accelerate action on climate change and committed to achieve 
zero net greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, consistent with a 1.5° C path defined by 
the Paris Climate Agreement. It also reviewed our Creating Shared Value approach 
to business and progress against our commitments. It endorsed our broader vision 
and action plan on achieving a waste-free future by tackling plastics packaging and 
reviewed progress on gender and inclusion.
The Board carried out an analysis of the company’s financial structure and resolved 
that a further CHF 20 billion be distributed to shareholders between 2020 and 2022. 
The Board continuously monitors the returns and strategic options of our financial 
investment in L’Oréal. The Board visited Nestlé in Switzerland on its annual market visit 
in 2019 after visiting the United States in 2018.
Value for all stakeholders
We believe that our Creating Shared Value approach enables us to optimize value for 
our shareholders and have a long-term positive impact on all stakeholders connected to 
our business. This includes: employees, consumers, business partners, as well as the 
communities in which we operate. We take this opportunity to thank all our employees 
for their dedication and energy in driving our results. We also express our gratitude to 
the communities in which we live and work. Finally, we thank you, our shareholders, for 
your continued support, trust and confidence.
Paul Bulcke
Chairman
U. Mark Schneider
Chief Executive Officer
7

--- Page 12 ---
Pursuing our
value-creation strategy
Garden Gourmet: Growing 
our plant protein platform
The rapid expansion of our plant-based 
portfolio highlights the speed at which Nestlé 
can move on trends. This opportunity cuts 
across segments and our success reflects  
our commitment to do good business  
by doing good.
8

--- Page 13 ---
Good food, Good life. It’s good business. 
Consumer expectations, competition, 
trade landscapes and society are all 
evolving at an unprecedented pace. Our 
company must respond to deliver good 
food in ever more relevant, accessible 
and sustainable ways. Every choice we 
make reflects our commitment to deliver 
Good food, Good life. Good is about 
holding ourselves to high standards and 
always striving to be better.
 – Increasing growth through innovation, 
differentiation and by offering relevant products 
and solutions to our consumers. We are 
committed to reach a sustainable mid  
single-digit level of organic growth.
 – Improving operational efficiency with the goal to 
increase our underlying trading operating profit 
margin to between 17.5% and 18.5% in 2020 
(from 16.0% in 2016).
 – Allocating our resources and capital with 
discipline and clear priorities, including through 
acquisitions and divestitures.
Our strategy: The choices we make
We aim to offer a portfolio of products that evolve 
with consumer needs, offer good nutrition and 
delight the senses, contributing to healthier, 
balanced lives and a healthier planet. This guides 
the choices we make today and shapes our 
portfolio for tomorrow – whether through product 
evolution, innovation, acquisition or partnerships.
We believe that Good food, Good life is best 
delivered by:
 – Applying our nutrition expertise to enhance the 
health and wellness of people and pets.
 – Meeting the needs of the modern consumer 
with healthy, delicious, convenient products for 
conscious, time-constrained lifestyles.
 – Bringing premium food innovations to market 
fueled by consumer insights, pioneering 
nutrition science and culinary excellence.
 – Offering a wide array of plant-based foods, to be 
consumers’ preferred choice as they diversify 
their diets.
 – Using our scale and expertise to increase access 
to nutrition for everyone, everywhere.
We play to win in all our categories while pursuing 
higher growth in coffee, pet care, infant nutrition, 
water and nutritional health.
Our value creation model
Our long-term value creation model is based on 
the balanced pursuit of resource efficient top- and 
bottom-line growth as well as improved capital 
efficiency. We create value by:
Balanced pursuit of top-line and bottom-line growth with capital efficiency
 1
Increase
growth
 2
Improve
margins
 3
Allocate
capital
prudently
Maximize 
long-term
shareholder
value
 4
Creating Shared Value
 1  Increase growth
We compete in attractive and growing categories. 
We have a global footprint with presence in 
187 countries. Our portfolio includes more than 
2000 brands, from global icons such as Nescafé to 
local favorites like Bear Brand. Among these, 
34 brands generate over CHF 1 billion each in 
annual sales at retail level.
We continue to actively manage our portfolio 
and prioritize our investments to stay relevant, 
address the latest consumer trends, and win in 
every category and market in which we operate. 
This requires setting clear priorities and allocating 
resources behind activities that create the most 
value, either through growth or efficiencies.
Invest in high-growth categories and 
geographies. We increased investment behind 
our high-growth categories of coffee, pet care, 
nutrition, water and nutritional health. Together, 
they represented 59% of sales and grew by 4.1% 
in 2019. We are also encouraged to see attractive 
growth levels within other segments of our 
portfolio, including from brands such as Maggi, 
KitKat, Bear Brand, Garden Gourmet and Sweet 
Earth. We are committed to investing selectively 
behind growth opportunities across all of our 
9

--- Page 14 ---
Pursuing our value-creation strategy
categories and new growth platforms such as 
plant-based food and beverages, ready-to-drink 
beverages and healthy snacking.
Our high-growth regions continued to offer 
significant opportunities. In 2019, emerging markets 
represented 42% of sales and grew by 4.7%. This  
is around twice as fast as developed markets.
We have also continued to invest in strategic 
areas such as:
 – E-business, including digital marketing and 
e-commerce. In 2019, our e-commerce sales 
represented 8.5% of sales and grew by 18.5%. 
This puts us at the higher end of the food and 
beverage industry.
 – Premiumization. In 2019, our premium offerings 
represented 26% of sales and grew by 7.4%.
 – Direct-to-consumer. In 2019, direct-to-consumer 
businesses represented 8.2% of sales and grew 
by 4.6%.
Fix underperforming businesses. We continued 
to take action to restore growth and profitability in 
underperforming businesses. In 2019, we took the 
following steps:
 – Integrated the Nestlé Waters business into the 
Group’s three geographical Zones from the start 
of 2020. This came in addition to increased focus 
on high-growth segments such as sparkling, 
premium still and flavored waters.
 – Developed further the turnaround plan for our 
Gerber baby food business in the United States. 
Innovation, particularly with organic offerings  
and healthy snacks, supported the improvement.
Manage our portfolio. We focus on categories and 
geographies where Nestlé has an ability to win. We 
continued to evolve our portfolio toward attractive, 
high-growth businesses by:
 – Divesting underperforming or non-core businesses 
such as Nestlé Skin Health. We also announced 
the sale of our U.S. ice cream business to Froneri, 
our global strategic partner in ice cream. We also 
agreed to sell a 60% stake of Herta and create a 
joint venture with Casa Tarradellas.
 – Acquiring core strategic businesses. We continue 
to monitor the market for potential acquisitions, 
but will remain disciplined and diligent to secure 
attractive returns.
Since 2017, we have completed or announced more 
than 50 transactions (acquisitions and divestitures) 
with annual sales equivalent to 12% of Group sales.
10
 2  Improve margins
In order to fuel faster growth we must remain 
disciplined on our cost management and strive 
for efficiencies at all levels. This approach enables 
us to free up resources to reinvest in product 
innovation and brand building, creating value 
for our consumers as well as our shareholders. 
Consumer-facing marketing expenses increased 
by 3.4% in constant currency.
Reduce costs. We made good progress on 
our structural savings program across all areas of 
manufacturing, procurement and administration. 
At the end of 2019, we reached CHF 1.9 billion 
gross savings or 76% of the expected amount for 
the period from 2016 to 2020. 
In manufacturing we continued to optimize 
our production footprint. In 2019, we closed 
or sold 16 factories and reduced factory fixed 
overheads by 5.5%.
In procurement we continued to leverage our 
scale. Global buying through our three global 
purchasing hubs increased from 55% in 2018 
to 61% in 2019. The number of specifications for 
raw and packaging materials decreased for the 
second consecutive year, which allowed us to 
reduce complexity and costs. 
In administration we continued to simplify and 
standardize processes. The penetration of our 
shared service centers increased for the fourth 
consecutive year. 
Increase operational efficiency. We have 
continued to adapt our organization to be more 
agile, simple and digitally enabled. To drive 
agility, we have further empowered our markets 
and Zones, increased accountability, enhanced 
decision-making and encouraged calculated risk-
taking. To support simplicity, we have standardized 
processes, leveraged scale and increased 
automation. To be digitally enabled, we have raised 
competencies and developed digital platforms.  
In parallel, we have aligned compensation 
incentives to prioritize profitable growth and 
improve capital efficiency.
 3  Allocate capital prudently
Our priorities are to invest in the long-term growth 
and development of the business, while increasing 
shareholder returns and Creating Shared Value. 
Our preference is to allocate capital toward value-

--- Page 15 ---
over the last fifteen years to CHF 153.6 billion. 
Over the same period the outstanding number 
of Nestlé shares has been reduced by 26%. We 
have committed to return a further CHF 20 billion 
of capital primarily through share repurchases 
between 2020 and 2022.
 4  Creating Shared Value: The way we operate
No other food and beverage company has the 
global resources and local know-how to make 
positive impact at the scale and pace of Nestlé. 
We aim to continuously improve, taking on 
commitments that ensure that we enhance quality 
of life for everyone.
We rally our 291 000 employees and 
2000 brands to live our purpose day in and day out. 
Our people do this by responsibly manufacturing 
our products and managing our supply chain, 
bringing innovations to market in agile ways and 
building brands that delight and do good.
We use digital technology to anticipate 
consumer needs, then serve them in the most 
relevant and personalized way. By building a 
culture of sustainable business practices and 
continuous improvement, we strive to create a 
healthier future for all.
We create shared value at a scale that makes 
a difference. Together with our partners we are:
– Enabling people to lead healthier, happier lives
by striving to make better products.
– Building strong communities and supply chains,
improving livelihoods in communities directly
connected to our business activities.
– Stewarding resources for future generations
by minimizing the environmental impact of 
our operations.
– Maximizing long-term value by accelerating
growth, improving margins and allocating
capital prudently.
creating investments to expand the company’s 
core food, beverage and nutritional health product 
business. We take a disciplined approach to capital 
allocation, with prudent financial policies. In doing 
so we aim to maintain a conservative but efficient 
capital structure that provides flexible access to 
financial markets. In combination with improved 
operating performance, this has allowed us to 
increase our return on invested capital by 20 bps, 
from 12.1% in 2018 to 12.3% in 2019.
Invest in growth drivers. Investing for the 
long term takes the form of R&D investment, 
brand support and capital expenditure to support 
organic profitable growth. We allocate these 
resources discerningly, focusing on projects with 
the highest potential to create economic profit. 
Working capital maintained a downward trend. Our 
five-quarter average working capital in % of sales 
reached 0.6% at the end of 2019, –80 bps versus 
the prior year.
Exercise discipline in acquisitions. Making 
acquisitions is a key element of our portfolio 
management strategy. Targets must have a good 
strategic and cultural fit with our organization, 
offering attractive financial returns. We are 
disciplined when it comes to acquisition prices in 
order to protect our return on invested capital. We 
have clear governance in place for acquisitions, 
with solid integration plans, precise accountability 
and targets. To better identify internal and 
external strategic growth opportunities, we have 
created a new Group Strategy and Business 
Development function, effective January 1st, 2020.
Return cash to shareholders. We have 
demonstrated our strong commitment to 
maintaining a high level of reinvestment into 
the business while at the same time continually 
increasing capital returns to shareholders. We do 
this by increasing our dividend year after year.  
Based on our performance of 2019, the Board of 
Directors has proposed a dividend increase of 
25 centimes to CHF 2.70 per share to be paid in 
April 2020. This will be our 25th consecutive annual 
dividend increase. We regularly return any excess 
cash to shareholders through share buybacks. As 
a result of our strong free cash flow generation 
we have returned CHF 9.7 billion of capital to 
shareholders in 2019 through share repurchases. 
This brings the total returned to shareholders 
Nestlé Annual Review 2019
11
