
--- Page 3 ---
Dear Fellow StakeholDerS,
NVIDIa DID ItS BeSt 
work IN oUr 20-year 
hIStory.
  revenue grew 7 percent in fiscal year 2013 to a record 
$4.28 billion at a time when much of the PC industry 
contracted. we exceeded our previous peak of $4.10 
billion five years ago, when $710 million came from 
chipsets, a business we have exited. 
  GPU revenue grew for a second straight year, up  
2 percent overall and up 8 percent excluding chipsets.
  tegra revenue related to phones and tablets grew  
50 percent, driven by marquee wins for tegra 3 in the 
explosive tablet market. Building on this momentum,  
we introduced tegra 4 near the year’s end and the 
following month unveiled tegra 4i, our first chip to 
combine an application processor with an lte modem.
  Gross margins and cash hit record levels, even as we 
invested for future growth.
  we showed off our first fully integrated products.  
NVIDIa ShIelD, the runaway hit of the 2013 International 
Consumer electronics Show, is an android-based gaming 
device that highlights our tegra processor. and NVIDIa 
GrID, by bringing GPUs to the cloud, will do for graphics-
rich applications what Netflix does for movies.
our gross margin increased to 52.0 percent, up 0.6 
percentage point from the prior year. Diluted earnings 
declined 4 percent to $0.90 a share, reflecting increased 
investment to secure future growth. we achieved a record 
level of cash, at $3.73 billion, and gave back $147 million to 
our shareholders through share buybacks and a newly 
launched dividend program. 
these achievements came against a background that 
offered plenty of difficulties. Continued hard-disk shortages 
related to lingering floods in thailand weakened the PC 
industry. there were supply shortages for 28nm silicon 
early in the year. and demand in europe stayed soft. 
  Kepler GPUs (left) have 
moved across our product 
line, proving revolutionary 
for gamers, designers, 
visual artists, researchers 
and scientists. Tegra 4 
(right) is the world’s fastest 
mobile processor.
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 
1

--- Page 4 ---
a VISUal worlD
Computer graphics is a unique and powerful medium.  
It has transformed the PC from a tool for productivity into a 
platform for creative expression, entertainment, design, 
even scientific discovery. 
through computer graphics we can create and enjoy 
immersive games and imaginative movies. we can design 
and build super cars…or energy efficient cars…even cars 
that drive themselves. we can visualize a virus at the 
atomic level to save lives, and simulate the collision of 
galaxies to better understand the beginning of life.
IN a worlD INCreaSINGly FIlleD 
wIth VISUal DISPlayS, ComPUter 
GraPhICS eNaBle oUr CUStomerS 
to INteraCt wIth the VaSt Sea  
oF DIGItal IDeaS, INFormatIoN aND 
eNtertaINmeNt. they CaN eNGaGe 
wIth CoNteNt wIth a FreeDom 
that No other meDIUm allowS.
we are seeing the “computerization” of all electronic 
devices around us. the force that transformed the phone 
into a smartphone is now sweeping through tVs, cars,  
and in the near future, watches, glasses, and household 
appliances. In just a few years, analysts predict, there will 
be 5 billion hD displays in the world. as the leader in visual 
computing, we aim to light every pixel on each of those 
screens through our range of offerings. 
ProPellinG ComPUTer GraPhiCs from  
a TeChnoloGy inTo an indUsTry
our first strategic priority is to extend our technology 
leadership in visual computing. we are 20 years into this 
business and have created an innovation engine that has 
resulted in thousands of patented inventions, technologies, 
industry relationships and a powerful brand. as the reach 
of computing grows to smartphones, tablets, and beyond, 
visual computing is more important than ever. we believe 
our assets in this field of computing are unmatched. and 
we are not standing still.
By remaining focused on visual computing, and by providing 
the world’s best minds in this field an environment to do 
their best work, we will continue to invent breakthrough 
technologies.
we take our innovations to market in three ways. First, we 
design and build industry leading GPU and tegra processors. 
Second, we create fully integrated system products, like 
ShIelD and GrID, for markets where we can add distinct, 
unique value. third, we license our technology to partners 
to integrate into their proprietary products.
this year we made remarkable strides across these areas.
  Tegra powers highly 
innovative tablets like 
microsoft’s surface rT (left) 
and the nexus 7 from Google™ 
(right). it also drives Tesla’s 
model s’s instrument cluster 
and infotainment system. 
(opposite page).
2
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 

--- Page 5 ---
aSCeNt oF teGra
In just a short time, we’ve become a growing force in 
mobile computing. tegra 3, the world’s first quad core 
mobile processor, won its way into some of the year’s  
most innovative tablets, including the Nexus 7, Google’s 
first tablet, as well as the Surface rt, microsoft’s first 
computer. tegra 3 also powered the htC one X super 
phone, as well as phones from Fujitsu, lG and Zte.  
the tegraZone mobile game store, the first of its kind, 
exceeded 6 million downloads. 
along with these milestones, the tegra family grew  
richer. the recently launched tegra 4 is the world’s  
fastest mobile processor, with 72 GPU cores and the  
only arm Cortex-a15 four-plus-one architecture. with 
tegra 4, we also introduced the world’s first “always-on 
hDr” camera—our initial step in bringing the promising 
field of computational photography to mobile computing.
we’re thrilled to have just launched tegra 4i, our first 
mobile processor with an integrated lte modem, based  
on technology from our mid-2011 acquisition of Icera.  
By bringing a super phone experience to the mainstream, 
tegra 4i gives us entry to the lte market, which is 
projected to reach 150 million units in 2013 and growing  
at 50 percent annually.
mobile computing is not just about tablets and smartphones. 
Powerful mobile processors will increasingly find their way 
into all kinds of devices, including our cars. all of the major 
car manufacturers are working on the next big thing in the 
auto industry—interactive visual displays and systems that 
enhance our driving experience while improving safety.
today, NVIDIa technology powers the digital instrument 
clusters and infotainment systems of more than 20 brands 
and 100 models, including vehicles from audi, Bmw, 
lamborghini and Vw, as well as the tesla model S, which 
won motor trend’s “Car of the year” for 2013.
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 
3

--- Page 6 ---
kePler: a reVolUtIoNary GPU  
For GamING, SCIeNCe aND DeSIGN
we rolled out the first kepler-based processors to the 
company’s first customers, gamers. and they were thrilled. 
our flagship kepler-based GeForce GPU, the GtX690, was 
lauded as “a card to cherish” by PC magazine. as we drove 
kepler throughout the GeForce product lineup—from the 
$99 segment right through to our top-end $999 card—
positive reviews poured in. 
kepler GPUs are proving revolutionary for researchers  
and scientists. oak ridge National laboratory launched 
titan with 18,688 kepler-based tesla GPUs, and it took  
the No. 1 spot on the top500 supercomputer list. this 
milestone capped a year in which GPU-accelerated 
computing hit a tipping point, with 50 of the top 500 
supercomputers powered by NVIDIa GPUs. 
oUr New kePler GPU 
arChIteCtUre SolIDIFIeD 
NVIDIa’S leaDerShIP aCroSS 
oUr Core marketS.
we finished the year with overall GPU market share rising 
to 65 percent from 56 percent the previous year, and 
notebook share climbing to 63 percent from 48 percent. 
NVIDIa GPUs are now general purpose processors, thanks 
to the breakthrough invention of CUDa several years ago. 
Built around a dense fabric of processors, NVIDIa’s most 
powerful version of the kepler GPU consists of over 2,000 
processors working tightly in parallel. Now, NVIDIa GPUs 
can not only process pixels for computer imagery, they  
can simulate particles for fluid dynamics and molecules  
for drug discovery.
to date, CUDa has been downloaded 1.7 million times,  
and the latest version, CUDa 5, has been downloaded  
once a minute, on average, since its launch last year.  
It is being taught in more than 600 universities. a new 
initiative to teach parallel programming through online 
classes from Udacity and Coursera is reaching tens of 
thousands of students worldwide. and tesla revenue  
grew 37 percent. the era of GPU-accelerated computing 
has arrived.
For professional designers and visual effects artists,  
we began shipping kepler-based Quadro GPUs at the  
start of fiscal year 2014. we expect to build on our strong  
lead in this market, from manufacturing to media and 
entertainment. For the fourth year running, all of the  
films nominated for the Best Visual effects oscar were 
powered by Quadro.
4
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 

--- Page 7 ---
oUr FIrSt INteGrateD ProDUCtS
while we achieved many great things this year, I am 
especially proud of the work we did to introduce our  
first fully integrated system products—ShIelD and GrID. 
ShIelD is an NVIDIa-developed android gaming device, 
powered by tegra 4. It lets you enjoy the growing library of 
games built for android, and also remotely play PC games 
equipped with GeForce GtX GPUs. we believe ShIelD is 
the answer for today’s gamers who want to be untethered 
from any specific device or platform. Simply put, ShIelD 
lets gamers play the way they want. and it will be a new 
engine in our thriving tegra ecosystem—inspiring great 
games to be developed for tegraZone and, in turn, a 
broader base of tegra-powered devices. 
Just as ShIelD is a device built around tegra, GrID is a 
first-of-its-kind visual computing appliance built around 
the GPU. GrID will allow gamers to play titles stored in the 
cloud and streamed to any screen, design professionals  
to utilize graphics-intensive apps via the cloud, and large 
companies to extend VDI across the enterprise. GrID opens 
the door to new growth opportunities for GPU server 
appliances, housed in cloud data centers, that deliver 
graphically rich software applications. 
  Geforce GTX 690 (opposite 
page, top) is meticulously 
designed, inside and out, 
while Titan (opposite page, 
bottom) is now the world’s 
fastest supercomputer. 
shield (left) took Ces 2013 
by storm. Grid (above) 
streams games and 
graphics-rich content. 
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 
5

--- Page 8 ---
makING a CoNtrIBUtIoN
making a contribution is one of our core values. we’re 
proud that our technology contributes to consumers’ 
enjoyment, to designers’ ability to produce their best work 
and to scientists’ ability to make the next breakthrough. 
we’re just as proud of our commitment to contribute to  
the communities where we operate. 
the culture that binds together our 8,000 employees 
across 42 offices starts with giving. each year, our people 
band together to transform their local community. I’m 
inspired by the enthusiasm our people bring to this 
work—and by the gratification they and their family 
members who join them get from collaborating on such 
worthwhile projects.
we call this program Project Inspire. and this year’s 
flagship event was the best ever. Fifteen hundred of us in 
the Santa Clara, California, head office joined together  
to transform a community farm in nearby San Jose. we 
constructed buildings, prepared new fields and improved 
irrigation, enabling the farm to nearly triple its production 
and serve more local families. NVIDIa offices around the 
world hosted similar events to give back to local 
communities in need.
the NVIDIa Foundation, which conducts much of our 
philanthropic work, is a rarity in the corporate world. It is 
run exclusively by our employees who set its priorities and 
execute its programs. and it does some of our best work.
among its most exciting projects this year was a $2 million 
initiative to enable grants and low-interest loans to be 
made to family businesses getting back on their feet after 
Japan’s devastating 2011 tsunami. our blog has written 
about some of their moving stories—how, with our help, 
Norifumi Sato created a small, bustling mulberry tea 
factory, and Jun Saichi worked to build a grocery store  
on wheels to serve hard-struck villages.
Compute the Cure, a multi-prong effort to combat cancer, 
is another important NVIDIa Foundation undertaking. we 
invest in projects to improve the speed at which researchers 
can leverage genomic data to identify cancers and cures. 
our people and the Foundation donated more than $300,000 
to cancer research. we also raised awareness of cancer  
by participating in movember, which involved nearly half 
our global offices. and I’m proud to say that we established  
our own cancer support network for those dealing with  
the disease. 
  our 8,000 staff in over 40  
sites are bound by a common 
culture that starts with giving. 
some 1,500 employees, family 
members and others joined 
together in Project inspire, in 
santa Clara, to transform a 
community farm near our 
head office.
6
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 

--- Page 9 ---
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 
7

--- Page 10 ---
lookING aheaD
our growth over the past 20 years pursuing a simple 
vision—bringing computer screens to life with computer 
graphics—has taken us on an amazing journey. as we’ve 
progressed, our three-person startup has grown to a staff 
of 8,000. and our headquarters in Santa Clara, just a few 
blocks from where we started, is bursting at the seams. 
So, we’ve decided to put up our own building right across 
the street, one that will be as distinctive as our company.  
It will give us the room and inspiration to fulfill our long-
term vision.
Its architecture harmonizes smart functionality and a 
shape that inspires our employees—the triangle, which is 
the fundamental building block of computer graphics. 
efficiency is our central concern in its design, and we’ve 
been very thoughtful about its use of space, energy and  
its impact on the environment, and, of course, its cost. 
on one level, the building will inspire and lift us, and  
help frame our ambition. on another, its vast open floors 
will facilitate our cross-functional work. the nature of  
our work requires experts from multiple disciplines to  
come together, and this building is designed above all  
for collaboration. 
our new headquarters fuses together craftsmanship,  
soul and purpose. and it’s hard to find a better definition 
than that of NVIDIa.
Sincerely,
Jen-hsun huang 
Co-Founder, President and Chief executive officer
april 2013
8
nvidia corporation  
2013 annual review 
 
 
 
