
--- Page 7 ---
DEAR NVIDIANS 
AND STAKEHOLDERS,
As we prepare this annual report, the world 
is in an all-out war against COVID-19. Unlike 
anything we’ve confronted in generations, 
the COVID-19 pandemic is a medical as well 
as an economic crisis. Citizens all over the 
world are sheltered in place. Store shelves 
are empty. Restaurants are closed. Streets 
are eerily quiet. And while we battle this 
virus by staying at home, brave nurses, 
doctors, and first responders are on the 
front lines risking their safety and that of 
their families to protect us. Their courage is 
breathtaking, and we owe them our thanks 
and support.
At NVIDIA, we exercised an abundance of 
caution and closed our nearly 60 offices 
around the world. Employees are working 
from home to help reduce the spread of the 
virus. Our extended family of direct hourly 
contractors is also sheltered in place and 
will continue to be paid.
We are deploying our most powerful 
weapons to defeat COVID-19: our 
technology and our scientists. NVIDIA-
powered supercomputers all over the world 
are being called into service to search for 
new drug compounds that can treat or 
vaccinate against the virus. NVIDIA’s team of 
computational scientists is joining these 
researchers to speed their discovery. We’re 
giving COVID-19 researchers free access to 
our Parabricks genome-sequencing 
software. So far, 325 institutions, including 
hospitals, universities, and supercomputing 
centers, have engaged. Meanwhile, we 
united gamers around the world to share the 
GPUs in their gaming rigs, assembling the 
largest distributed supercomputer ever to 
run Folding@Home.
Several hundred thousand gamers amassed 
a 1.5 exaflops supercomputer. That is 
1,500,000,000,000,000,000 operations per 
second! Five times the compute power of 
Summit, the most powerful supercomputer 
in the world, and more than the world’s top 
100 supercomputers combined. 
No war has ever united the world’s 
scientists like this pandemic. We will get 
through this together.
Rising to the Challenge
As we entered the year, our outstanding 
growth was stopped in its tracks by the 
simultaneous headwinds of a collapsing 
cryptocurrency market, a pause in 
hyperscale spending, and a rapidly 
deteriorating trade environment with China. 
Despite being knocked back on our heels at 
the outset, we finished the year strong.
Full-year revenue was $10.9 billion, down 
7 percent. Gross margins expanded to 62 
percent and GAAP earnings per share were 
$4.52, down 32 percent. We returned $390 
million during the year to shareholders 
through quarterly cash dividends. The 
growth trajectory of the fourth quarter tells 
the story—with revenue of $3.11 billion, up 
41 percent from a year ago.
GPU revenue, which consists of GeForce 
gaming, Quadro workstation graphics, and 
Data Center platforms for HPC and AI, was 
$2.77 billion during the quarter, up 40 
percent from a year ago. Data Center 
revenue was a record $968 million, up 43 
percent from a year ago. Tegra system-on-
chip processor revenue, which includes 
automotive, custom gaming systems, and 
embedded edge AI platforms, was $331 
million, up 47 percent from a year ago.
Graphics. Accelerated Computing. AI. 
Data Centers. Self-Driving Cars.
We are innovating at the epicenter of the 
most important technology trends of our 
time. We made significant advances in each 
area last year. Believing in the importance of 
this work and staying focused despite the 
setback drove our return to growth. Let me 
say a few words about each area.
THE GROWTH TRAJECTORY OF THE FOURTH QUARTER TELLS THE STORY
”
“
s
n
o
i
l
l
i
B
n
i
$3.5
$3.0
$2.5
$2.0
$1.5
$1.0
$0.5
$0
REVENUE
+41%
$3.11
$2.21
65%
60%
GROSS MARGINS
+1,020 bps
64.9%
55%
54.7%
EPS
+66%
$1.53
$0.92
1.75
1.50
1.25
1.00
0.75
0.50
0.25
0
4Q19
4Q20
50%
4Q19
4Q20
GAAP results
4Q19
4Q20
 

--- Page 8 ---
NVIDIA Omniverse for architecture, engineering, and construction
Reinventing Graphics
Graphics is the force that fuels NVIDIA’s 
massive R&D engine. NVIDIA invented 
the GPU and introduced the world to 
programmable shading nearly 20 years 
ago. Since then, we have dreamed about 
creating the next big thing: real-time ray 
tracing, which simulates the behavior of 
light more accurately to create 
photorealistic images.
After more than a decade’s work, 
we created the world’s first real-time 
ray-tracing GPU. It combines two new 
groundbreaking technologies: a ray-tracing 
accelerator and a deep learning Tensor 
Core processor. 
The ray-tracing accelerator finds the 
intersections of billions of light rays and 
the objects they illuminate. As a complex 
shader program computes the surface 
illumination by the beam, some of the 
light is absorbed, reflected, or refracted 
onto other nearby surfaces. This ray- 
tracing process iterates to produce a 
photorealistic image.
Even with the most powerful GPUs, the 
computation is too immense to render the 
images fast enough, let alone beautifully. AI 
came to the rescue. Using state-of-the-art 
deep learning methods, we taught an AI to 
predict the rest of the image from the few 
rendered pixels. The AI model runs on 
super-fast Tensor Core processors. 
Combining programmable shading, ray 
tracing, and artificial intelligence, we have 
reinvented computer graphics. We call this 
new graphics architecture NVIDIA RTX.
NVIDIA RTX: Biggest Upgrade in the History 
of the GPU
The graphics industry—including game 
developers, design tool makers, and film 
studios—has overwhelmingly adopted 
NVIDIA RTX. Leaders like Pixar, ILM, Sony, 
Weta Digital, Epic, Adobe, Autodesk, 
Dassault, EA, Activision Blizzard, 
Microsoft, Ubisoft, and many more have 
added accelerated ray tracing. NVIDIA RTX 
is a home run. We have created the best 
reason to upgrade graphics since the 
invention of the GPU. 
We have the best lineup of GeForce 
desktop PC gaming GPUs in our history. 
The upgrade cycle is well on its way. We 
estimate that by the end of January some 15 
percent of our installed base had upgraded 
to RTX. We expect this to be one of the most 
successful GeForce generations.
We also expanded the GeForce market 
this year in three significant ways: RTX 
Max-Q gaming laptops, RTX Studio 
creative workstations, and GeForce NOW 
cloud gaming.
With Max-Q, we’ve created a new gaming 
device category: thin and light gaming PCs. 
Gamers want a powerful GPU, but in an 
elegant laptop design. GeForce RTX with 
Max-Q technology has broken through the 
energy-efficiency barrier needed to address 
the large pent-up demand for gaming 
laptops. There are more than 125 models of 
Turing architecture-powered laptops 
shipping today.
NVIDIA RTX is democratizing film-quality 
rendering for all creators and designers. 
Photorealistic rendering is no longer solely 
the realm of professional studios with large 
server farms. Forty creative and design 
applications are now RTX-accelerated, 
including Dimension, Substance Alchemist, 
and Premiere Pro from Adobe, as well as 
Chaos Group’s V-Ray, Autodesk’s Arnold, 
and Blender’s Cycles.
And in partnership with leading PC makers 
Dell, HP, and Lenovo, we built a whole new 
line of NVIDIA RTX-powered consumer and 
professional workstations and laptops to 
run these new design and creative tools. 
More than 60 models of RTX Studio laptops 
are now available.
GeForce NOW, our cloud gaming service, 
is out of beta. Hundreds of millions more 
gamers can now add a virtual GeForce 
graphics card to their device. GeForce 
NOW’s reach is global via NVIDIA’s data 
centers in North America and Europe, and 
through partners like Taiwan Mobile, 
Russia’s Rostelcom, Korea’s LG U+, and 
Japan’s SoftBank. More than 2 million 
gamers joined GeForce NOW in the 
platform’s first week.

--- Page 9 ---
NVIDIA Pioneered 
Accelerated Computing
We pioneered the use of GPUs to accelerate 
scientific computing. As semiconductor 
scaling reaches its limits, GPU acceleration 
has proven to be an excellent path forward. 
The November 2019 TOP500 list of the 
world’s fastest supercomputers was 
NVIDIA’s best showing to date. Now 136 
systems on the TOP500 are NVIDIA-
accelerated, including Summit, the world’s 
most powerful supercomputer. The most 
powerful systems in the United States, 
Europe, and Japan, and the world’s top 
industrial supercomputer, are all powered 
by NVIDIA GPUs. From just 10 percent four 
years ago, NVIDIA GPUs now power 40 
percent of this year’s new supercomputers. 
We expect this trend to continue.
Unlike running code on CPUs, accelerated 
computing is a full-stack approach—
optimized across processor, system, 
software, algorithms, and application for 
incredible speedups. With each application 
domain—whether ray tracing, molecular 
dynamics, fluid dynamics, quantum 
chemistry, or deep learning—processing 
time has gone from weeks to days, and from 
days to hours. Researchers see a boost in 
productivity. Data center operators enjoy 
cost reductions. This creates new growth 
opportunities for our company.
This year we achieved significant 
milestones in several new 
application domains:
 > NVIDIA RTX for photorealistic 
rendering for design and film
 > NVIDIA Aerial for 5G 
radio processing 
 > NVIDIA Parabricks for next-
generation genome sequencing 
 > NVIDIA RAPIDS for data science 
and analytics
 > NVIDIA TensorRT for deep 
learning inferencing
Visualizing NASA’s Mars lander simulations in real time with 
NVIDIA DGX-2 with Magnum IO GPUDirect Storage
NVIDIA AI
NVIDIA AI for Inference
AI is the most powerful technology force of 
our time and the engine driving our data 
center business. AI is software that learns to 
automate skills that require intelligence: the 
ability to perceive, reason, and plan. 
Someday, trillions of connected devices 
will perceive their environment, infer a 
response, and do seemingly smart things. 
We will simply tell these devices what we 
need. Recent breakthroughs are making this 
future possible sooner rather than later. 
Researchers have made advances in speech 
recognition, natural language 
understanding, recommendation systems, 
and natural speech synthesis—the essential 
elements to have a conversation with an AI. 
Billions of people each make hundreds of 
queries every day. The AI models, each 
processing billions of operations, must 
respond in a fraction of a second. 
Inference is an enormous computing 
challenge—done at hyperscale and 
processing complex algorithms at light 
speed. NVIDIA excels at this work. Inference 
is a big opportunity for us.
Inference is the fastest-growing part of our 
data center business, which itself is our 
fastest-growing segment. After years of 
development, we announced NVIDIA 
TensorRT 7, which can compile and optimize 
image, speech, and language models. 
Developers can now train AI models on 
NVIDIA GPUs, and then optimize them for 
deployment on NVIDIA GPUs. Develop on 
NVIDIA—run on NVIDIA. 
AI software learns by processing massive 
amounts of previously collected data to find 
a complex hierarchy of patterns that can 
predict what to do when a similar situation 
arises. AI can learn new skills through 
examples, trial and error, or adapting skills 
from similar tasks. AI computers must be 
incredibly fast to learn from a large amount 
of data and perform more complex skills. 
Building fast computers is where NVIDIA 
comes in.
NVIDIA builds the computing platform for 
the era of AI. We made a giant bet, 
reimagined the computing stack, and 
invented a whole new kind of computer. It 
combines our new GPU with Tensor Core 
processing, NVLink high-speed 
interconnects, cuDNN libraries for deep 
learning, Magnum IO for distributed 
computing and high-speed data movement, 
HGX multi-GPU server boards, NVIDIA DGX 
computer systems, the NGC registry of 
pre-optimized acceleration libraries, the 
TensorRT neural network graph compiler, 
and the Triton Inference Server to deploy 
models into hyperscale data centers. We 
have invested tens of thousands of 
engineering years to advance AI computing.
NVIDIA’s AI architecture is ideal for training 
as well as inference and is available 
anywhere from the cloud to PCs. It scales 
from a tiny two-watt NVIDIA Jetson 
computer to the fastest supercomputer in 
the world. The performance, versatility, 
broad accessibility, and consistent pace of 
advance are the pillars of our success. 

--- Page 10 ---
NVIDIA AI at the Edge
Mellanox
AI started in the cloud. The next big 
opportunity will be at the edge, where the 
action is. IoT sensors connected to AI 
computers will automate retail stores, 
warehouses, factories, farms, streets, 
highways, airports, and subways. AI can 
orchestrate traffic, adjust and save power, 
speed checkouts, or direct a fleet of forklifts 
in a warehouse. Processing AI at the edge is 
needed to limit the cost of streaming 
continuous sensor data, protect sensitive 
information, or respond instantly to 
the environment.
During the year we announced the NVIDIA 
EGX Intelligent Edge Computing Platform. A 
full-stack AI platform, EGX is highly secure, 
is high throughput, runs cloud-native 
applications, and can be deployed and 
managed as a distributed fleet. With EGX, 
we are bringing AI to the world’s largest 
industries. Walmart, BMW, NTT East, 
Procter & Gamble, and Samsung Electronics 
are among the first adopters of EGX.
5G is going to turbocharge edge AI. Running 
on the same EGX platform, and with the 
NVIDIA Aerial 5G GPU-accelerated software 
radio, telecommunications service providers 
can provision 5G services on any standard 
OEM server. And companies can provide 
highly reliable and secure AI services in 
places where Wi-Fi is not available. Ericsson 
is NVIDIA’s development partner to build an 
industrial-strength solution for 5G.
Data center technologies are central to our 
computing platform. In 2019, we announced 
the purchase of Mellanox Technologies, the 
world’s leading provider of networking 
technologies for high-performance data 
centers. Our companies are long-term 
partners, having built together many of the 
world’s supercomputers and NVIDIA AI 
systems. Mellanox has fantastic people and 
culture, and a long history of innovation. 
Based in Israel, it will be one of our most 
significant design centers. We have received 
approval from all necessary regulatory 
agencies to proceed with the acquisition, and 
expect it to close on or about April 27, 2020.
NVIDIA AI in Autonomous Vehicles 
and Robotics
Every machine that moves will have 
autonomous capability someday, from 
vehicles and construction equipment to 
forklifts and wheelchairs.
We created the NVIDIA DRIVE AV platform to 
enable any company to build autonomous 
cars. DRIVE is an open platform that 
includes an end-to-end AV development 
infrastructure, functional safety, an 
auto-grade AV computer, and a self-driving 
car application. Our platform is used 
worldwide by hundreds of established 
companies and startups building 
autonomous cars, shuttles, taxis, trucks, 
and delivery and logistics robots.
During the year, we announced our first 
truck partnership with Volvo Group, one of 
the world’s largest truck and construction 
vehicle makers. Volvo is using the DRIVE 
platform end-to-end—from data center 
servers to develop, validate, and simulate 
their self-driving truck application to 
deploying a fleet of trucks powered by 
DRIVE computers. 
We also announced Orin, our second-
generation robotics processor. Orin’s 
combination of CPU, GPU, Tensor Core, and 
computer vision processing offers 10x the 
performance of our current Xavier SoC. 
Future self-driving vehicles will demand 
expanded driving capabilities, improved 
safety through software and hardware 
redundancy, and faster response times. 
Orin’s leap in performance and safety 
architecture will make it possible. 
Autonomous vehicles represent just one of 
the opportunities. In the future, warehouses 
and manufacturing lines will have fleets of 
Orin-powered robots that work closely and 
collaboratively with people to move, lift, and 
make things.

--- Page 11 ---
NVIDIA will have deep domain expertise 
in important markets—transportation, 
healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and 
public safety—and offer an end-to-end AI 
platform that makes it easy for companies 
to develop their own AI services. 
And we will continue to advance the state 
of computer graphics for gaming, art, and 
design while leveraging our expertise and 
scale to create the future of AI.
That’s our plan: Graphics, Accelerated 
Computing, and AI. From Data Centers 
to Self-Driving Cars. Graphics feeds AI. 
AI feeds Graphics.
We had an extraordinary year. Confronted 
with adversity as we entered the year, the 
company rose to the challenge and made it 
our finest moment. I am incredibly proud of 
our people and the work we did. 
And now, as the world faces one of the great 
tests of our generation, I know that NVIDIA 
will step up again. We are inspired and driven 
to create the essential instruments for 
scientists, researchers, and developers 
whose work can change the world. It’s our 
purpose, and it is as relevant today as it’s 
ever been.
Thank you all for your support. The best, and 
most amazing, is yet to come. Stay tuned.
Jensen Huang 
CEO and Founder, NVIDIA 
April 2020
CARING FOR 
OUR COMMUNITIES
LOOKING AHEAD  
NVIDIA has a singular goal that remains our 
mission today: to build one of the world’s 
great companies—one that makes lasting 
impacts on industry and society, lifting 
humanity higher, while achieving near-term 
business goals for long-term sustainability. 
We do this with our inventions and ideas as 
well as through our company-wide 
contributions to our communities. 
We are living through an extraordinary time 
in computing. Though computers have 
steadily become more useful, broader 
adoption has been limited by skilled 
programmers who are also domain experts 
in niche markets. Unless an application has 
a sufficiently large market—like search or 
photo editing—it is unlikely to warrant 
an investment. 
One of many examples of our inventions 
contributing to society is NVIDIA Clara, a 
platform that is advancing the science and 
practice of healthcare. Clara AI helps 
radiologists develop AI models to detect 
early signs of disease. 
This year we introduced Clara AI 
federated learning, a way to enable multi-
organizational AI research collaboration 
while preserving patient privacy. We are 
delighted that the American College of 
Radiology and UCLA Health are early 
adopters. Clara Genomics is an acceleration 
platform to analyze the data from gene 
sequencing. The speedups it provides will 
significantly accelerate biological and 
medical research and discovery. 
We encourage and make it easy for our 
employees to support charities that most 
inspire them. Our Inspire 365 initiative offers 
employees a large variety of volunteer 
opportunities and time off from work to help 
their communities. NVIDIA offices around 
the world held nearly 200 charitable events 
last year and contributed nearly 12,000 
volunteer hours and millions of dollars.
Now, AI can adapt a previously learned 
skill and program itself for a niche 
application. A farmer can teach an AI to pick 
and sort a harvest of tomatoes into different 
categories to sell to restaurants, in grocery 
stores, or to be used for sauce. A radiologist 
can teach an AI to detect a rare disease. A 
maker of air conditioners can train an AI to 
monitor its installed base to ensure 
energy-efficient operations. 
AI is democratizing software. Any company 
can become a technology company. Domain 
experts will not need to program. They will 
teach AI to automate repetitive or dangerous 
tasks. AI will enable automation across the 
world’s largest industries and drive a new 
wave of computing adoption.
NVIDIA will contribute by building the AI 
computer—for researchers, for inference 
deployment in the cloud, for AI computing at 
the edge, and for autonomous machines. 
NVIDIA’s platform will be optimized across 
full stacks—from chips, systems, software, 
and algorithms, to data center networking—
available anywhere, from every cloud 
service provider and computer maker.

--- Page 12 ---
NVIDIA CORPORATION
NOTICE OF 2020 ANNUAL MEETING
PROXY STATEMENT AND FORM 10-K
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this document including, but not limited to, statements as to: the impact, beneﬁts, abilities, features, performance, and availability 
of our products and technologies, including GeForce RTX, Quadro RTX, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA DGX systems, NVIDIA TensorRT software, NVIDIA 
GPUs, NVIDIA EGX, RTX Max-Q gaming laptops, RTX Studio creative workstations, GeForce NOW cloud gaming, NVIDIA’s AI architecture, NVIDIA Aerial, 
NVIDIA DRIVE AV, Orin, and NVIDIA Clara; NVIDIA as the leading platform to accelerate AI and the world’s most demanding supercomputing applications; 
our contractors continuing to be paid; NVIDIA’s efforts to combat COVID-19; NVIDIA innovating at the epicenter of the most important technology trends 
of our time; our growth drivers and opportunities; the upgrade cycle being well on its way; our expectation for RTX to be one of the most successful 
GeForce generations; our expectation that NVIDIA GPUs will increasingly be used in accelerated computing; AI being the most powerful technology force 
of our time and the engine driving our data center business; the number of connected devices in the future and how they will work and be used; the impact 
of  IoT  sensors  connected  to  AI  computers;  NVIDIA  bringing  AI  to  the  world’s  largest  industries  with  EGX;  Mellanox  becoming  one  of  NVIDIA’s  most 
signiﬁcant  design  centers  and  the  expected  closing  date  of  the  acquisition;  every  machine  that  moves  having  autonomous  capabilities  someday;  the 
demands  of  future  self-driving  vehicles;  AI  enabling  automation  and  driving  computing  adoption;  and  our  market  position  and  strategies  are 
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, 
package  and  test  our  products;  the  impact  of  technological  development  and  competition;  development  of  new  products  and  technologies  or 
enhancements  to  our  existing  product  and  technologies;  market  acceptance  of  our  products  or  our  partners'  products;  design,  manufacturing  or 
software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our 
products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA ﬁles with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
Copies  of  reports  ﬁled  with  the  SEC  are  posted  on  the  company's  website  and  are  available  from  NVIDIA  without  charge.  These  forward-looking 
statements  are  not  guarantees  of  future  performance  and  speak  only  as  of  the  date  hereof,  and,  except  as  required  by  law,  NVIDIA  disclaims  any 
obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reﬂect future events or circumstances.

--- Page 13 ---
NOTICE OF 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and time:
Tuesday, June 9, 2020 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2020
Items of business:
• Election of eleven directors nominated by the Board of Directors
• Approval of our executive compensation
• Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021
• Approval of an amendment and restatement of our Amended and Restated 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan
• Approval of an amendment and restatement of our Amended and Restated 2012 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan
Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
Record date:
You can attend, and vote at, the annual meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close
of business on April 13, 2020.
Virtual meeting
admission:
We will be holding our annual meeting online only this year at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2020.  To participate in the annual meeting, you
will need the control number included on your notice of proxy materials or printed proxy card.
Pre-meeting forum:
In order to allow for communication with our stockholders in connection with the annual
meeting, we have established a pre-meeting forum located at www.proxyvote.com where you
can submit advance questions to us.
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES.  As an
alternative to voting online at the meeting, you may vote via the Internet, by telephone or, if you receive a paper proxy
card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
June 9, 2020.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our Annual Review are available
at www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051
April 29, 2020

--- Page 14 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
DEFINITIONS
PROXY SUMMARY
PROXY STATEMENT
Information About the Meeting
Proposal 1—Election of Directors
Director Qualifications and Nomination of Directors
Our Director Nominees
Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance
Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Role of the Board in Risk Oversight
Corporate Governance Policies of the Board of Directors
Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors
Majority Vote Standard
Board Meeting Information
Committees of the Board of Directors
Director Compensation
Review of Transactions with Related Persons
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Proposal 2—Approval of Executive Compensation
Executive Compensation
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Risk Analysis of Our Compensation Plans
Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018
Grants of Plan-Based Awards For Fiscal 2020
Outstanding Equity Awards as of January 26, 2020
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2020
Employment, Severance and Change-in-Control Arrangements
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control
Pay Ratio
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation Committee Report
Proposal 3—Ratification of the Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal
2021
Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
Proposal 4—Approval of an Amendment and Restatement of our Amended and Restated 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan
Proposal 5—Approval of an Amendment and Restatement of our Amended and Restated 2012
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Additional Information
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Other Matters
APPENDIX A—Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
APPENDIX B—Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
PAGE
1
2
5
5
8
9
10
15
15
15
15
16
17
17
17
18
19
21
22
24
25
25
34
35
36
37
39
39
40
41
41
41
42
43
44
45
57
62
62
62
63
A-1
B-1

--- Page 15 ---
DEFINITIONS
2007 Plan
2012 ESPP
AC
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Audit Committee
Base Operating Plan
Performance goal necessary to earn the target award under the Variable Cash Plan and for the target
number of SY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Board
CC
CD&A
CEO
CFO
Charter
Company
Control Number
Dodd Frank Act
Exchange Act
Exequity
FASB
Fiscal 20__
Form 10-K
GAAP
The Company’s Board of Directors
Compensation Committee
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
The Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation
Identification number for each stockholder included in Notice or proxy card
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Exequity LLP, the CC’s independent compensation consultant
Financial Accounting Standards Board
The Company’s fiscal year ended on the last Sunday in January of the stated year
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2020 filed with the SEC on February 20, 2020
Generally accepted accounting principles
Internal Revenue Code
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
Lead Director
Lead independent director
Meeting
MY PSUs
Nasdaq
NCGC
NEOs
Non-GAAP Operating
Income
Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Multi-year PSUs with a three-year performance metric
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Named Executive Officers consisting of our CEO, our CFO, and our other three most highly compensated
executive officers as of the end of Fiscal 2020
GAAP operating income adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related and other
costs, and legal settlement costs, as the Company reports in its respective earnings materials.  The net
aggregate adjustment to GAAP operating income for these items for Fiscal 2020 was $889 million and for
Fiscal 2019 was $603 million.  Please see Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in our CD&A for
a reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and GAAP results
Notice
NYSE
PSUs
PwC
RSUs
S&P 500
SEC
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials
New York Stock Exchange
Performance stock units
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Restricted stock units
Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Index
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Securities Act
Securities Act of 1933, as amended
Stretch
Performance goal necessary for the maximum number of MY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Stretch Operating Plan
Performance goal necessary to earn the maximum award under the Variable Cash Plan and for the
maximum number of SY PSUs to become eligible to vest
SY PSUs
Target
Threshold
TSR
PSUs with a single-year performance metric, vesting over four years
Performance goal necessary for the target number of MY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Minimum performance goal necessary to earn an award under the Variable Cash Plan and for SY PSUs
and MY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Total shareholder return
Variable Cash Plan
The Company’s variable cash compensation plan
1

--- Page 16 ---
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in the proxy statement.  This summary does not contain all of
the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting.
PROXY SUMMARY
2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date and time:
Tuesday, June 9, 2020 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Record date:
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2020
Stockholders as of April 13, 2020 are entitled to vote
Admission to meeting:
You will need your Control Number to attend the annual meeting
Voting Matters and Board Recommendations
A summary of the 2020 Meeting proposals is below.  Every stockholder’s vote is important. Our Board urges you to vote
your shares FOR each of the proposals. 
Matter
Management Proposals:
Election of eleven directors
Page
Board
Recommendation
Vote Required 
for Approval
Effect of
Abstentions
Effect of Broker
Non-Votes
FOR each director
nominee
More FOR than
WITHHOLD votes None
8
None
Approval of our executive compensation
24
FOR
Ratification of the selection of PwC as our
independent registered public accounting firm
for Fiscal 2021
Approval of an amendment and restatement of
our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
Approval of an amendment and restatement of
our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
42
45
57
FOR
FOR
FOR
Election of Directors (Proposal 1)
Majority of
shares present
Majority of
shares present
Majority of
shares present
Majority of
shares present
Against
None
Against
None
Against
None
Against
None
The following table provides summary information about each director nominee:
Occupation
Independent
Name
Age
Robert K. Burgess
Tench Coxe
Persis S. Drell
Jen-Hsun Huang
Dawn Hudson
Harvey C. Jones
Michael G. McCaffery
Stephen C. Neal
Mark L. Perry (1)
A. Brooke Seawell
Mark A. Stevens
62
62
64
57
62
67
66
71
64
72
60
Director
Since
2011
1993
2015
1993
2013
1993
2015
2019
2005
Independent Consultant
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures
Provost, Stanford University
President & CEO, NVIDIA Corporation
Independent Consultant
Managing Partner, Square Wave Ventures
Managing Director, Makena Capital
Management
Chairman Emeritus & Senior Counsel,
Cooley LLP
Independent Consultant
1997
2008 (2) Managing Partner, S-Cubed Capital
Venture Partner, New Enterprise Associates
Financial
Expert
ü
Committee
Membership
CC
CC
CC
AC
CC, NCGC
AC
NCGC
AC, NCGC
CC
AC, NCGC
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
(1)  Lead Director
(2)  Mr. Stevens previously served as a member of our Board from 1993 until 2006
Board Overview and Recent Refreshment
Our director nominees exhibit a variety of competencies, professional experience, and backgrounds, and contribute diverse
viewpoints and perspectives to our Board.  While the Board benefits from the experience and institutional knowledge that
2
