
--- Page 14 ---
Dear NVIDIANs 
and Stakeholders,
We had a tough 2022. Our business 
companies everywhere to reimagine 
into a parallel computing accelerator.
was affected by economic headwinds, 
their products and business models. 
geopolitical tension, and a product 
supply chain that swung from severe 
shortage to excess. NVIDIANs rose to 
tackle each challenge while inventing 
new technologies and capabilities 
that position us at the center of 
the most exciting opportunities 
in the history of computing.
Data center AI and accelerated 
workloads are continuing to skyrocket. 
Developers are shifting to NVIDIA 
NVIDIA acceleration libraries build on 
Generative AI is also accelerating 
CUDA, and all NVIDIA GPUs are CUDA-
industrial digitalization. The largest 
compatible. Four million developers 
industries, from auto manufacturing to 
are working with CUDA, and that 
pharmaceutical, will be reinvented with 
number is expanding. It took 12 years 
generative AI and become some of the 
to reach 2 million developers, but 
most advanced technology industries. 
we’ve doubled that number in the last 
NVIDIA’s body of work is reshaping 
the future of computing.
two and a half years. CUDA has been 
downloaded more than 40 million times. 
A wealth of accelerated applications 
Accelerated Computing …
attracts end users, which creates a 
accelerated computing as the four-
Accelerated computing is not easy—
decade-long exponential scaling of CPU-
it requires full-stack optimization 
based general-purpose computing ends. 
from chip architecture, systems, and 
ChatGPT, the AI application heard 
around the world, showcased the 
abilities of generative AI and its 
potential to drive industrial productivity 
and advance the world’s most significant 
scientific challenges. Generative AI 
has created a sense of urgency in 
acceleration libraries, to refactoring 
the applications. Each application 
domain requires optimized stacks—
from graphics, imaging, and particle or 
fluid dynamics to data processing and 
machine learning. NVIDIA pioneered 
accelerated computing by extending 
the GPU, a 3D graphics accelerator, 
GAAP Results
Revenue
Flat
Gross Margin
-8.0 pts
EPS
-55%
B
1
9
6
2
$
.
B
7
9
6
2
$
.
s
n
o
i
l
l
i
B
n
i
$30
$25
$20
$15
$10
$5
$0
%
9
4
6
.
66%
64%
62%
58%
56%
54%
%
9
6
5
.
$4
$3
$2
$1
$0
5
8
3
$
.
4
7
1
$
.
large market for cloud service providers 
and computer makers to serve. This in 
turn affords billions in R&D to fuel its 
growth. NVIDIA has established the 
accelerated computing virtuous cycle.
We help developers achieve incredible 
speedups through full-stack invention, 
from the chips and systems to the 
algorithms and applications they 
run. These algorithms are optimized 
and packaged into acceleration 
libraries, where they help millions 
of developers across industries 
solve complex problems. NVIDIA has 
hundreds of acceleration libraries 
that form our core platforms: NVIDIA 
RTX for graphics, NVIDIA HPC for 
scientific computing, NVIDIA AI for 
data science and artificial intelligence, 
NVIDIA DRIVE for autonomous 
vehicles, and NVIDIA Omniverse for 
industrial digitalization applications.
We now offer 300 acceleration libraries 
and 400 AI models, with 100 added or 
updated in the past year alone, including 
cuQuantum for quantum computing, 
FY22
FY23
FY22
FY23
FY22
FY23
cuOpt for combinatorial optimization, 
 
 
 

--- Page 15 ---
and the new cuLitho, which addresses 
For computing to be sustainable, data 
“LLMs, such as GPT-3 (Generative Pre-
the single largest computation workload 
centers must accelerate every workload 
trained Transformer 3), are known for 
in chip design and manufacturing: 
possible. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated 
their high capacity to learn from large 
computational lithography. The product 
computing and has built a large 
datasets and generate coherent and 
of close collaborations for over four 
installed base and a rich ecosystem 
contextually relevant text. These models 
years with TSMC, ASML, and Synopsys, 
of developers and applications 
use deep neural networks with multiple 
cuLitho can reduce mask creation time 
available everywhere. Accelerated 
layers to capture complex patterns 
from two weeks to overnight and enable 
computing is sustainable computing, 
and representations in language data. 
500 NVIDIA DGX H100 systems to 
bending the energy consumption 
LLMs can understand the nuances of 
achieve the same work as 40,000 CPU 
trendline away from runaway growth 
language, including grammar, syntax, 
systems. That’s 1/8 of the space needed 
and toward a sustainable future.
context, and meaning, and can generate 
and 1/9 of the power to achieve current 
text that is often difficult to distinguish 
results with NVIDIA systems. Most 
The iPhone Moment For AI
from text written by humans.
importantly, it provides the chip industry 
a platform for the next leap into the next 
chip design and manufacturing miracle. 
It operates near the limits of physics: 
high-numerical aperture extreme 
ultraviolet lithography. This process 
will require radical algorithms such as 
ChatGPT has taken the world by 
storm. Hundreds of millions of people 
worldwide have been captivated 
by its abilities. Companies in new 
and established industries are 
racing to explore its potential. 
inverse lithography and AI approaches 
The foundation of ChatGPT is a large 
for continued scaling to 2nm and beyond.
language model (LLM). According 
… Is Sustainable Computing
The exponential growth trend in CPU 
computing performance coupled 
with only moderate power and cost 
increases is no more. Data centers are 
already about 1-2% of global electricity 
consumption and that consumption 
is expected to continue to grow. This 
continued growth is not sustainable 
for operating budgets and our planet.
to ChatGPT itself, an LLM is:
“A large language model refers to a type 
of artificial intelligence (AI) model trained 
on a vast amount of text data to generate 
human-like text responses. Language 
models understand and generate human 
language, and they can perform a wide 
range of tasks, such as answering 
questions, summarizing text, translating 
languages, and generating text content.
“LLMs have many potential applications 
in various domains, including 
natural language processing (NLP), 
conversational AI, content generation, 
language translation, and more.”
LLMs can learn the representation of 
information that has structure from 
human language, music, images, and 
even proteins and chemicals. The 
potential of generative AI models to 
amplify human productivity is incredible. 
Impacts will be felt in industries ranging 
from healthcare and financial services, 
to design, art, and entertainment. 
LLMs are trained with NVIDIA DGX 
AI supercomputers. An LLM neural 
network model with tens of billions of 
artificial neurons learns by processing 
trillions of bytes of data. This requires 

--- Page 16 ---
thousands of GPUs connected by high-
perform incredible, seemingly intelligent 
speed networking running in unison. 
tasks. The remarkable ease of use let 
A New Computing 
Era Has Arrived
ChatGPT reach over 100 million users 
in just a few months, making it the 
fastest-growing application in history.
Throughout history, we have witnessed 
the emergence of various computing 
So, what’s next?
eras driven by the convergence 
of multiple technologies.
From the advent of personal 
computers, to the internet, cloud, 
and mobile computing, and now 
artificial intelligence, each wave has 
expanded the realm of computing. 
Each has narrowed the technology 
divide, putting computers, the 
instrument of knowledge, into 
the hands of more people.
The PC took over 20 years from the 
launch of the IBM PC to reach a billion 
people and transform education and 
businesses in every industry. Only 
five years after the iPhone launch, 
smartphones, with simple-to-use touch 
interfaces and powerful computing in 
the cloud, put incredible applications 
in the hands of a billion people. 
AI is a new wave of computing that 
requires no programming skills and is 
prompted in plain human language to 
NVIDIA DGX and AI 
Cloud Within The 
World’s Best Clouds
Applying generative AI to each 
industry requires domain expertise 
and training data, LLMs and safety 
systems, AI supercomputing 
infrastructure, and expertise.
NVIDIA is building a new AI service 
that helps companies build their own 
LLM AI factories that produce and 
refine their company’s intelligence.
The service consists of the 
NVIDIA AI Foundations custom 
LLM model-making system, the 
NVIDIA DGX AI supercomputing 
infrastructure, NVIDIA AI inference 
platforms, and experts to assist.
Like autonomous vehicles that require 
rigorous functional and active safety 
technologies, generative AI systems 
must be supported by technologies 
for safety and trustworthiness. 
Researchers and industry are creating 
technologies that align models to values 
and principles, augment models with 
factual knowledge bases, and provide 
guardrails to limit models within the 
operating domains of use. Although 
safety and trustworthiness remain 
vast domains for ongoing research, 
well-regarded tools, methods, and 
These services and platforms can be 
practices are already proliferating.
available in a company’s on-premises 
And while general-purpose AI continues 
to advance, companies can build custom 
data centers or through the world’s 
leading cloud service providers.
LLMs specialized for their industry. 
NVIDIA AI Foundations is a cloud 
Learning from their proprietary data, 
service—a foundry—for building custom 
companies in healthcare, financial 
language models and generative 
services, retail, manufacturing, and 
AI. It is comprised of language, 
more will train generative AI models to 
visual, and biology model-making 
automate their companies and tasks 
services. Customers can use NVIDIA 
that are valuable to their customers. 
AI Foundations to create, refine, and 
operate custom LLMs and generative 
AI trained with their proprietary data 
and for their domain-specific tasks.
The pharmaceutical industry is a top 
focus of NVIDIA AI Foundations. It can 
cost $2 billion and take 10-15 years of 
research to bring a new drug to market. 
Using our service and working with our 
researchers, customers can use our 
pretrained and optimized biology LLMs 
to accelerate early-stage drug discovery 
workflows from months to weeks. 
Amgen, AstraZeneca, Insilico, Evozyne, 
Innophore, and Alchemab Therapeutics 
are all early-access users. Generative 
AI will transform drug discovery.

--- Page 17 ---
GeForce Revolutionized AI. 
AI Revolutionizes GeForce
GeForce for gaming is NVIDIA’s 
technology driving force. The technology 
demand to create realistic and 
interactive virtual worlds is insatiable. 
And the gaming market continues 
to expand. From a zero-billion-dollar 
market 30 years ago, there are over 
a billion PC gamers today. Someday, 
nearly everyone will be a gamer. And 
games will be incredibly realistic. 
The technologies necessary are ray 
tracing, physics simulations, digital 
humans, and generative AI—the 
technologies that NVIDIA GPUs enable.
The future of gaming started 12 years 
ago when AI researchers discovered the 
math processing prowess of NVIDIA 
GeForce gaming GPUs with CUDA-
accelerated computing to realize the 
effectiveness of deep learning. This 
ignited the big bang of modern AI.
Coming full circle, AI is now 
revolutionizing the GPU, computer 
graphics, and gaming technologies. 
capability of a generative AI that 
NVIDIA DGX AI supercomputers 
trained—learn once, save energy for 
hundreds of millions of gamers.
DLSS 3 is a big deal in many ways. 
Neural rendering is an entirely new 
way of doing computer graphics and 
is the technology for the next leap 
in virtual world generation. But it is 
also direct evidence that accelerated 
We introduced programmable shaders 
computing and AI are the ways to 
a quarter century ago, revolutionizing 
sustainable computing for the planet.
3D graphics. Five years ago, we 
launched NVIDIA RTX, opening a new 
frontier. This year, we introduced the 
next breakthrough in AI-powered 
graphics: DLSS 3. It is one of our 
greatest neural rendering inventions. 
DLSS 3 generates entirely new frames 
rather than just pixels, boosting 
performance over 4X vs. rendering.
Imagine an AI model that runs on 
Like NVIDIA DGX and NVIDIA AI, NVIDIA 
RTX has leaped into the cloud. This year, 
we unveiled the GeForce NOW Ultimate 
membership tier, delivering GeForce 
RTX 4080-class performance with 
NVIDIA Reflex, ray tracing, and DLSS 
3. With 25 million members worldwide 
in 100+ countries, GeForce NOW serves 
more games to more countries than 
any other gaming service. NVIDIA 
GeForce but learns to create beautiful 
and Microsoft signed a 10-year deal 
images on a DGX AI supercomputer. 
to bring the Xbox PC game library to 
DLSS 3 learned to generate seven out 
GeForce NOW. Members will be able 
of every eight pixels in a scene. The 
speedup, image quality improvement, 
and energy saved are incredible. 
Every NVIDIA RTX gamer can enjoy 
the automated pixel-prediction 
to stream top game franchises such 
as Halo, Minecraft, Elder Scrolls, and 
other titles from Bethesda, Mojang 
Omniverse: Connecting Our 
Physical And Digital Worlds
The largest and most impactful 
industries make and operate physical 
things—from electronic devices, cars, 
buildings, factories, warehouses to 
luxury goods and life-saving medicine. 
They make physical things but want 
to build and operate them digitally. To 
do so, a new type of operating system 
that is physically based is needed—one 
that understands the laws of physics.
NVIDIA Omniverse, our platform for 
industrial digitalization, builds virtual 
representations of physical things 
and assets—creating digital twins 
and connecting digital and physical 
worlds. Omniverse enables industries 
grounded in physical processes to 
become software-defined, realize 
unified digitalization, and connect 
large, highly skilled teams. 
This year, we announced Omniverse 
Cloud, making it easier to develop, 
deploy, and operate industrial 
digitalization applications from nearly 
anywhere, on almost any device.
Studios, and Activision, pending the 
NVIDIA is partnering with Microsoft 
closure of Microsoft’s acquisition.
to bring Omniverse to hundreds of 

--- Page 18 ---
millions of Microsoft 365 and Azure 
 › Mercedes-Benz and Jaguar Land Rover 
Looking Ahead
users. Omniverse Cloud connects 
are both using Omniverse to generate 
to the Microsoft 365 productivity 
scenarios to test and validate the next 
suite, including Teams, OneDrive, and 
generation of autonomous vehicles.
Driving Automotive Growth
Generative AI and digitalization are 
reshaping the $3 trillion automotive 
industry, from design and engineering 
to manufacturing, autonomous 
driving, and customer experience. 
NVIDIA is at the epicenter of this 
industrial transformation, with a 
$14 billion automotive design win 
pipeline over the next six years. 
Accelerated computing and AI 
have arrived. We must accelerate 
every possible workload to reclaim 
power so that computing can be 
sustainable. Generative AI has created 
a new computing platform, like the 
PC, internet, and mobile cloud. More 
than 40,000 companies are already 
running on NVIDIA to speed up, scale 
up, and unlock previously impossible-
to-solve problems. And our new DGX 
Cloud partnerships with the world’s 
leading cloud service providers, 
NVIDIA AI Foundation custom model-
SharePoint, and to Azure IoT Digital 
Twins services. This partnership will 
help connect the world’s industries 
to Omniverse Cloud—hosted 
in Azure and benefiting from 
Microsoft’s rich storage, security, 
applications, and services portfolio.
Omniverse can simulate the 
best possible factory and store 
layouts before laying the first 
brick. Utilizing digital twins reduces 
last-minute surprises, change 
orders, and plant opening delays. 
Developing self-driving cars is one of our 
making foundry, and Omniverse 
most complex AI challenges. It requires 
Cloud services will further accelerate 
Virtual factory integration can save 
two computers: an AI factory in the 
billions for the world’s factories.
data center refining and testing the AI 
software and the AI computer in the car. 
our engagement with the world’s 
industries as they race to reinvent 
themselves in this new computing era.
Some of the most significant companies 
in the world are using Omniverse 
to digitalize their operations.
Hundreds of partners across the 
automotive ecosystem are now 
developing software on NVIDIA 
 › Amazon Robotics is using Omniverse 
DRIVE, including 20 of the top 30 
to build AI-enabled digital twins of 
its warehouses to better optimize 
manufacturers building new energy 
vehicles, many of the industry’s tier-
warehouse design and flow and train 
one manufacturers and top software 
more intelligent robotic solutions. 
makers, plus eight of the largest 10 
 › Lowe’s is using Omniverse to design, 
trucking and robotaxi companies.
build, and operate digital twins of 
its stores to optimize operations.
 › BMW Group is using Omniverse to 
build a fully functioning factory digital 
twin before building it in the real world.
We faced many storms last year 
but did magnificent work through 
it all. I could not be prouder of 
our employees and more excited 
to build the future together.
Jensen Huang 
CEO and Founder, NVIDIA 
May 2023

--- Page 19 ---
NVIDIA Corporation 
Notice of 2023 Annual Meeting 
Proxy Statement and Form 10-K 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain statements in this document including, but not limited to, statements as to: the impact, benefits, abilities, features, performance, and 
availability of our products, services, and technologies, including CUDA, NVIDIA GPUs and acceleration libraries, NVIDIA RTX, NVIDIA HPC, NVIDIA 
AI  and  AI  Inference  platforms,  NVIDIA  DRIVE,  NVIDIA  Omniverse  including  Omniverse  Cloud,  cuQuantum,  cuOpt,  cuLitho,  NVIDIA  DGX  H100 
systems, NVIDIA DGX AI supercomputers and supercomputing infrastructure, NVIDIA AI Foundations, GeForce NOW, DLSS 3, NVIDIA Reflex, 
DGX  Cloud  and  SuperPOD,  NeMo,  Picasso,  BioNeMo,  and  NVIDIA  Clara;  data  center  AI  and  accelerated  workloads  continuing  to  skyrocket; 
developers shifting to NVIDIA accelerated computing; the potential of generative AI to drive industrial productivity and advance the world’s most 
significant scientific challenges; generative AI accelerating industrial digitalization and the largest industries including auto, manufacturing, and 
pharmaceutical  being  reinvented  with  generative  AI  and  becoming  some  of  the  most  advanced  technology  industries;  NVIDIA  reshaping  the 
future of computing; the number of developers working with CUDA expanding; data center consumption of global electricity continuing to grow 
and the impact thereof; data centers needing to accelerate every workload possible for computing to be sustainable; accelerated computing 
bending  the  energy  consumption  trendline  away  from  runaway  growth  and  toward  a  sustainable  future;  companies  racing  to  explore  the 
potential of ChatGPT; the abilities and impact of LLMs; the potential of generative AI models to amplify human productivity and its impacts 
being felt in industries ranging from healthcare and financial services, to design,  art, and entertainment; the potential of AI and the future of AI 
as a new wave of computing; the proliferation of well-regarded tools, methods, and practices for safety and trustworthiness; general-purpose 
AI continuing to advance; companies learning from their proprietary data to train generative AI models to automate tasks that are valuable to 
their  customers;  generative  AI  transforming  drug  discovery;  the  insatiable  demand  to  create  realistic  and  interactive  virtual  worlds  and  the 
gaming  market’s  continued  expansion;  the  future  of  gaming,  including  nearly  everyone  being  a  gamer  someday  and  games  being  incredibly 
realistic; AI revolutionizing the GPU, computer graphics, and gaming technologies; accelerated computing and AI being the ways to sustainable 
computing for the planet; some of the most significant companies in the world using Omniverse to digitalize their operations; generative AI and 
digitalization reshaping the automotive industry; our automotive design win pipeline; our collaborations and partnerships with third parties and 
the benefits and impact thereof; our growth drivers and opportunities; and our markets, market position, and strategies are forward-looking 
statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors 
that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, 
package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or 
enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing 
or  software  defects;  changes  in  consumer  preferences  or  demands;  changes  in  industry  standards  and  interfaces;  unexpected  loss  of 
performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most 
recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K 
and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA 
without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except 
as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 20 ---
NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and time:
Thursday, June 22, 2023 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVDA2023
Items of 
business:
• Election of thirteen directors nominated by the Board of Directors
• Advisory approval of our executive compensation
• Advisory approval of the frequency of holding a vote on our executive compensation
• Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered 
public accounting firm for fiscal year 2024
• Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
Record date:
You can attend and vote at the annual meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close of 
business on April 24, 2023.
Stockholder list: A  list  of  stockholders  entitled  to  vote  at  the  close  of  business  on  the  record  date  will  be  available 
during  the  annual  meeting  at  www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVDA2023  and  at  our 
headquarters, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California, for 10 days prior to the annual 
meeting to registered stockholders for any legally valid purpose related to the annual meeting.  To 
schedule an appointment to view the stockholder list during the 10 days prior to the annual meeting, 
please contact us at shareholdermeeting@nvidia.com.
Virtual meeting 
admission:
We  will  be  holding  our  annual  meeting  virtually  at  www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVDA2023.  
To  participate  in  the  annual  meeting,  you  will  need  the  control  number  included  on  your  notice  of 
proxy materials or printed proxy card.
Pre-meeting 
forum:
To communicate with our stockholders in connection with the annual meeting, we have established a 
pre-meeting forum located at www.proxyvote.com where you can submit advance questions. 
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES.  
As an alternative to voting during the virtual annual meeting, you may vote in advance online, by telephone or, if you have 
elected to receive a paper proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important  notice  regarding  the  availability  of  proxy  materials  for  the  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders  to  be  held  on 
June 22, 2023.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our Annual Review are available at 
www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051
May 8, 2023
