
--- Page 12 ---
dear Fellow  
stakeholders,
this was one of the most important years in nvIdIa’s history. 
while extending our leadership in computer graphics, we 
expanded our reach and began realizing our vision to help 
revolutionize the computer industry.
Foreseeing the importance of energy efficiency,  
we set out half a decade ago to build high-end 
parallel and mobile processors. These ground-
breaking initiatives sought to address two of our 
fundamental convictions: that power will limit the 
number of computers in large data centers, and 
that energy efficiency will define our experience 
with mobile devices.
These beliefs turned out to be well placed. And, 
with both products on the market, we began to 
achieve major wins. 
Results in the fourth quarter provided a glimpse  
of their potential. Net profit more than doubled  
to $172 million from the previous quarter, and 
gross margin hit a record 48.1 percent. For the full 
year, net profit totaled $253 million, from 2010’s 
$68 million loss, as revenue rose 6.5 percent to 
$3.54 billion.
In many respects, the fourth quarter marked the 
beginning of a new NVIDIA. Our coming-out party 
was this year’s International Consumer Electronics 
Show, where major news was announced:
  OEMs announced a range of super phones  
incorporating the NVIDIA Tegra 2 mobile super 
chip, making it the show’s runaway hit.
  We unveiled Project Denver, a secret NVIDIA-built 
custom CPU based on ultra energy-efficient ARM 
architecture. 
  Microsoft underscored Project Denver’s  
importance, disclosing that the next generation  
of Windows will, for the first time, run on ARM 
architecture.
And less than a week later, NVIDIA entered into a 
significant cross-licensing agreement with Intel. 
This provides us with access to all of Intel’s 
technologies to build our own processors, as well 
as $1.5 billion in licensing payments over six years. 
Tesla GPU
1 billion transistors
512 processors
TeGra sysTem-on-a-chiP
241 million transistors
8 processors
 nvidia is the only company in the world that makes highly energy-efficient processors which both fit in 
your pocket and power your datacenter. the tesla Gpu is designed for high-performance computing, and 
the tegra chip is used in mobile devices.
10

--- Page 13 ---
a new comPUTinG revolUTion
After a 30-year run with the PC at the center of 
innovation, the computer industry is being rocked 
by dramatic changes. 
In this new world, PCs will remain the main 
platform for creative expression. But the devices 
most central to our lives will be super phones and 
tablets. They will be our most personal computers.
Just as the PC revolution once transformed the 
computer industry, the mobile computing revolu-
tion will have equally far-reaching impact.
Consider….These handheld computers are created 
by phone companies, not traditional OEMs. We buy 
them from carriers—not just retailers. We use them 
to enjoy books, games, music, and apps downloaded 
from a digital store—not shrink-wrapped software. 
And their architecture is based on processors like 
Tegra, which are entire computers on a thumbnail-
size chip incorporating ARM CPUs, not x86-com-
patible CPUs.
Nearly everything about these devices is different, 
including the way we will use them. 
In the future, you’ll be able to hold up your phone to 
a Chinese menu and see it instantly translated into 
a chosen language. You may be able to use it to 
take your pulse, gauge your blood pressure, and 
perhaps even measure blood-sugar levels.
You’ll be able to use your tablet’s video camera  
to view your living room. Magically, a computer-
generated 3D image of the coffee table you are 
thinking about buying will appear in the room. You 
will be able to wander, and by looking through the 
tablet, view the table from varying angles. 
 Jen-Hsun Huang – co-founder, president and chief executive officer
This and so much more will be possible. But 
delivering on the full promise of mobile computing 
will require a new class of processor—one that 
provides supercomputing capabilities yet sips tiny 
amounts of power. 
We believe the most energy-efficient architecture 
for this challenge is a GPU. It works in parallel, 
breaking down a large challenge into small tasks 
that can be handled simultaneously by hundreds  
of tiny processors.
a cUlTUre of reinvenTion
Realizing the potential of mobile computing plays 
to NVIDIA’s strengths. And we have demonstrated 
our adaptability to seize new opportunities by 
repeatedly reinventing ourselves. 
Back in 1993, we launched our three-man startup  
to revolutionize PC graphics, believing that the  
PC would become a consumer device for enjoying 
games and multimedia. This, in time, became a 
massive industry, leading us to $1 billion in revenue 
faster than any semiconductor company in history. 
In the early 2000s, we invented the programmable 
graphics processor, giving software developers  
an infinitely flexible palette for expressing their 
artistic vision. This expanded our reach into using 
computer graphics for creating movies, revealing 
3D medical images and styling cars. We became  
a GPU company, ultimately reaching $4 billion  
in revenue.
nvidia corporation  
2011 annual review 
11

--- Page 14 ---
 nvidia’s tegra Zone app provides a curated collection of the 
best android games for tegra-powered devices.
NVIDIA’s latest reinvention is based on energy-
efficient high-performance processors that are 
100-times more energy efficient than a PC. This 
opens a new, massive growth opportunity for us. 
Within just a few years, 2.5 billion phones will  
be sold annually, each a mobile computer. Our 
opportunity will, thus, increase sixfold, to a total 
addressable market of some $30 billion.
TeGra sUPer chiPs
Already, today’s market for super phones is 
growing exponentially. The device’s ability to deliver 
high-definition video chat, console-quality multi-
player gaming and Web browsing is capturing many 
millions of customers each month. 
Tegra, which has earned a reputation as the most 
advanced processor of its kind, was the first to 
bring dual-core CPUs to mobile devices. 
We have design wins with a large number of 
partners. Some are long-time collaborators, such 
as Acer, ASUS, Dell and Toshiba. Others are first-
time partners in new industries that we are now 
able to serve, such as LG, Motorola and Samsung. 
Although relatively new to the mobile field, we  
have key capabilities that matter greatly as the 
mobile industry converges with the computer 
industry. Among them: our deep expertise in 
computing and graphics; our fast, precise product-
execution cycle times honed from years of building 
advanced technologies for PCs; and our extensive 
intellectual property. 
12
At the recent Mobile World Congress, in Barcelona, 
we unveiled our roadmap for future generations  
of the Tegra chip. With the cadence of a new 
processor every year, we expect to see a fivefold 
improvement in performance in the next genera-
tion version due out later this year, and a 75-fold 
increase in five years. 
sTrenGTh in core markeTs 
Even as we were reinventing NVIDIA and expanding 
our growth opportunities this year, we extended 
our leadership in visual computing.
The GeForce brand has long been the top choice  
for gamers, and with the GTX 500 NVIDIA Fermi 
generation of GPUs, we continue to lead the 
industry. This line offers exceptional speed, a 
revolutionary new GPU capability called tessella-
tion, and further advances in immersive gameplay. 
Its flagship, the GTX 580, is widely regarded by 
enthusiasts and reviewers as the world’s fastest, 
most advanced GPU. 
GeForce’s promise is to delight gamers. And that 
starts with great games. The fastest-growing 
genre in PC gaming is massively multiplayer online 
games, or MMO, and its most popular title is World 
of Warcraft, with more than 12 million players 
worldwide. This year, its creator, Blizzard, released 
two highly anticipated PC games: StarCraft 2 and 
World of Warcraft Cataclysm. 
StarCraft 2 sold more than a million copies in its 
first 24 hours, making it the fastest-selling real-
time strategy game ever. And World of Warcraft: 

--- Page 15 ---
Cataclysm sold 3.3 million units in its first day, 
making it the fastest-selling PC game ever. 
Franchises like Starcraft and World of Warcraft 
illustrate the vibrancy of GeForce’s market. 
Another illustration is that we recently celebrated 
shipment of our one-billionth GeForce GPU with 
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company 
Ltd., a partner that has been critical to our success.
Beyond building the most advanced GPUs, we 
continued to create technologies that bring new 
experiences to PC gamers. 3D Vision, the world’s 
best stereoscopic 3D experience, immerses them 
fully in a virtual world. Just two years after its 
introduction, 3D Vision is now supported by more 
than 1,000 individual products from dozens of 
suppliers, including games, projectors, TVs, 
cameras, and desktop and laptop screens. We  
also launched 3DVisionLive.com, an online 
community where users can share 3D content.
In an emerging trend, PCs are pulling away from 
consoles as the platform of choice for serious 
gamers, accelerated by unique features like 
tessellation, 3D Vision and the use of multiple  
3D screens at once.
Even as the GeForce GPU continues to lead the 
market, our Quadro brand remains the industry 
standard for graphics professionals. They use 
workstations to speed work in product design, 
visual effects for film production, video editing and 
advanced visualization.
For the second consecutive year, every film 
nominated for an Oscar in the Best Visual Effects 
category featured magic made possible by Quadro. 
The international virtual space expedition to Mars 
is harnessing the power of Quadro systems to 
simulate a 520-day manned flight. And Quadro 
enabled Glassworks in the UK, together with 
University College London Hospitals, to create a 
computer-generated heart model that beats in real 
time, showing changes in the heart’s shape during 
the cardiac cycle. Physicians can now study the 
beating heart in ways never before possible.
Another breakthrough for us this year was the 
introduction of computational visualization, which 
promises to revolutionize computer graphics,  
just as our programmable shading once did. 
Fermi-generation GPUs can rapidly generate a 
photorealistic image that simulates the path of 
light and material properties in a particular 
environment—a process called ray tracing. By 
accomplishing this at a rate of several images a 
second, rather than an image every several hours, 
Quadro processors transform how designers and 
artists enhance their digital creations.
 tesselation provides a nearly infinite level of detail to what had been coarse 3d 
models. in the unigine Heaven benchmark, shown above, a mythical village is 
brought to life with volumetric clouds and advanced compute shaders.
nvidia corporation  
2011 annual review 
13

--- Page 16 ---
papers increased fivefold. Prominent scientists 
delivered talks on such diverse fields as self-driven 
cars; computational photography that enables 
changes to be made in focus, depth of field and 
lighting on already-captured images; and compu-
tational finance applied to stock-options pricing.
The adoption of our Tesla processors by top 
supercomputing centers indicates the importance 
of GPUs in the future of high-performance technical 
computing. By adding GPUs to CPU clusters, 
standard enterprise servers can be transformed 
into supercomputing servers. 
This new architecture has wide appeal. Standard 
CPU clusters can serve the email and database 
needs for a multinational’s employees. And 
specialized CPU/GPU clusters can be used by  
the company’s engineers and researchers for 
product development. With CUDA GPU computing, 
we have made it possible for supercomputers to 
achieve performance levels never before possible, 
while keeping them widely affordable.
One of the most significant achievements of GPU 
computing was news that Tesla processors helped 
power the world’s fastest supercomputer—China’s 
2.5 petaflop Tianhe-1A supercomputer—as well  
as two other systems on the list of the world’s five 
top supercomputers. 
 through project inspire, nvidia employees volunteer in their local community to drive  
transfomative projects with lasting impact.
 tesla Gpus, which provide exceptional power and fuel efficiency, 
now run three of the world’s most powerful supercomputers.
acceleraTinG scienTific Discovery 
The growing ambitions of scientists and research-
ers to tackle enormous challenges—modeling  
cell mutation, predicting weather, manipulating 
nanomaterials to create lightweight parts for 
fuel-efficient cars—make processing power  
more important than ever as a tool for discovery. 
Computation has become so fundamental to the 
scientific process that it has come to be called  
the third pillar of science, together with theory  
and experimentation.
To meet this challenge, NVIDIA created a new breed 
of parallel-processing GPUs that work not just with 
the pixels of an image but with numerical data. This 
parallel computing architecture is called CUDA. 
Among its most important applications are in the 
medical field. Researchers at University of Califor-
nia, San Diego’s Radiation Oncology Department 
have shown that GPUs can cut the amount of 
radiation used in CT scans by up to 72 times.  
A team from Harvard and Brigham & Women’s 
Hospital has found a way to create 3D images of a 
patient’s arteries, providing a non-invasive way to 
locate potentially lethal plaque. And researchers in 
Montpellier, France, use GPUs to virtually still a 
beating heart, enabling surgeons to treat patients 
by guiding robotic arms that predict and adjust  
for movement. 
A sign of CUDA’s growing importance was our 
second annual GPU Technology Conference, held in 
San Jose, Calif. Attendance grew 50 percent from 
the previous year and the number of submitted 
14

--- Page 17 ---
larGer commUniTy
Commitment to supporting the larger community, 
particularly those areas in which we operate, 
remains central to who we are. 
Last year, the number of our offices where local 
employees participated in a charitable event near 
their offices rose from 12 to 18, and volunteerism 
increased 20 percent. We continued Project Inspire, 
which employees forego an annual holiday party 
and instead participate in a program that benefits 
their local community.
Our flagship initiative in Santa Clara, Calif., drew 
more than 1,000 employees, family members  
and local residents. Over a weekend in mid-
December, we converged on a community center in 
nearby San Jose, with the goals of building garden 
beds for low-income families, constructing a large 
educational greenhouse and making improvements 
to the building and grounds.
Similar efforts occurred elsewhere. In Beijing, 
employees, joined by business partners, continued 
to work with an orphanage that the office “adopted” 
two years ago, donating computer systems and 
supplies. In Pune, India, our employees raised 
funds to build a classroom at a school for visually-
impaired girls. And in Würselen, Germany, 
employees worked side by side with youth to 
improve a vocational training center. 
The NVIDIA Foundation, one of the industry’s only 
employee-led charitable foundations, continued its 
work in the areas of disease prevention, education 
and human services. The Foundation launched a 
strategic initiative called Compute the Cure, an 
effort to combine employees’ interest in health with 
NVIDIA technology, by funding the work of global 
cancer researchers. It will announce its first 
funding project this year. 
I’m pleased to note that we also completed our first 
global citizenship report this year, in which we set 
out the measures we’re taking, and our goals, for 
ensuring sustainability. 
lookinG aheaD
NVIDIA has spent the past five years investing  
and planning for the rise of mobile and parallel 
computing. It’s thrilling to see these defining the 
new computer industry. 
We have enormous work ahead of us to realize our 
vision. But I believe we are better situated than any 
company to thrive in this new environment. And I 
have never been more excited about our prospects.
Sincerely,
Jen-hsun huang 
Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 2011
nvidia corporation  
2011 annual review 
15
 
 
 
