
--- Page 14 ---
DEAR NVIDIANS 
AND STAKEHOLDERS,
TAKING CARE OF FAMILY 
DURING COVID
We confronted the reality of the pandemic 
early and mobilized quickly. We directed 
employees to stay home and stay safe and 
reduce spread. People were scared and 
uncertain. We assured employees no one's 
job would be affected and even pulled in 
raises by six months, giving them confidence 
and a little cushion to ride out the pandemic. 
We continued to pay the facility and cafeteria 
contractors who take such great care of us.
We first kept our employees safe, and then 
we tackled the massive undertakings to 
keep the company running while working 
from home. We mobilized efforts worldwide 
to figure out how to engineer and launch a 
record number of new products, collaborate 
with a record number of new partners in 
new markets, and ramp the most complex 
products the world has ever made—Ampere, 
BlueField, RTX, DGX. Our employees rose to 
the occasion, worked around the clock, and 
invented new and even better ways to do 
our work.
None of us can forget this year—the year 
COVID-19 changed the world. A full-out 
global pandemic, the world is at war with an 
invisible enemy. The facts and figures of the 
pandemic are staggering. The loss of 
millions is unimaginable. Yet, it is the loss of 
one among our families that makes 
COVID-19 so real.
The pandemic tested the character of people, 
nations, and companies and shined a 
spotlight on what we truly value.
Our core purpose is to impact by pioneering 
computing that can solve problems ordinary 
computers cannot and be a platform for 
scientists, developers, partners, industries, 
and employees to create a better future.
We want to build a one-of-a-kind company 
that invents the future, builds amazing 
technologies, and strives to achieve the 
highest level of craft.
We prioritize our employees and create a 
place where the world's best come to do 
their life's work and build a great life for 
their families.
At NVIDIA, the spirit of invention, the drive 
for perfection, and a compassionate culture 
that cares for our families and communities 
are harmonious.
REVENUE
+53%
GROSS MARGINS
+30 bps
$16.68
62.5%
62.3%
62.0%
62.0%
$10.92
61.5%
61.0%
$17
$16
$15
$14
$13
$12
$11
$10
s
n
o
i
l
l
i
B
n
i
EPS
+53%
$6.90
$4.52
$7.00
$6.50
$6.00
$5.50
$5.00
$4.50
$4.00
$3.50
FY20
FY21
FY20
FY21
FY20
FY21
GAAP results
USING OUR SUPERPOWERS
Then we set sights on the virus. Joining with 
national labs, research hospitals, universi-
ties, startups, and pharma companies, 
NVIDIA researchers and engineers, armed 
with our unique technologies, our superpow-
ers—image processing, high-speed 
simulation, and AI expertise—looked for 
ways to detect, treat, and, at the speed of 
light, find a vaccine for the virus.
Let me highlight just a few of the hundreds 
of initiatives.
We partnered with 20 hospitals from eight 
countries and developed an AI model that 
predicts COVID patients' need for supple-
mental oxygen in the next 24 hours. Using 
NVIDIA Clara federated learning, we trained 
the AI model on data from all of the hospitals 
without sharing patient-private data.
Researchers at UC San Diego did the largest, 
longest, and most accurate simulation of a 
coronavirus. Simulating 305 million atoms 
on the 28,000-GPU Summit supercomputer, 
the team created a virtual microscope and 
saw how COVID-19 infects human cells. They 
did in a few months what previously took five 
years with the flu virus. Their work was 
critical to vaccine design.
Over a thousand of the almost 8,000 AI 
startups we work with are using AI to 
revolutionize healthcare. They’re doing 
amazing work across the entire spectrum. 
We partnered with many to counter 
COVID-19—from the highest-ever resolution 
cryo-EM imaging, inferring the 3D atomic 
structure of COVID-19 from 2D cryo-EM 
images, using AI natural language under-
standing to read the amino acids of COVID-19 
and predict the protein's 3D structure, doing 
high-throughput gene sequencing to 
accurately detect infection, simulating the 
physical behavior of COVID-19, using AI to 
generate potential drug candidates, fusing 
physics simulation and AI to do virtual 
screening, to using AI to accelerate lab 
screening by automating the analysis of cell 
images so millions of experiments can be 
run each week.
 

--- Page 15 ---
gaming business to grow over 40 percent 
this year.
We are at the outset of the biggest upgrade 
cycle of our user base since we invented the 
GPU two decades ago. And it's just getting 
started. More than 85 percent of our 
GeForce installed base has yet to upgrade 
to RTX.
THE NEW UNIT OF COMPUTING
We completed the acquisition of Mellanox 
and combined our companies during the 
shutdown. The teams have melded 
incredibly well. The combination of NVIDIA 
and Mellanox has expanded the scope of our 
vision and positioned us to help rearchitect 
the data center. 
For decades, we considered the CPU the 
basic unit of computing. The rise of cloud 
computing and AI services is driving 
fundamental changes in computer 
architecture. Hyperscale applications are 
composed of microservices and run across 
the entire data center as if it’s one 
computer—the data center is a new unit 
of computing.
Data center-scale applications require 
computer architects to optimize across all 
three fundamental processors: the CPU for 
general-purpose computing, the GPU for 
accelerated computing, and the DPU, or data 
processing unit. An evolution of the 
networking chip, the DPU is programmable 
and processes the rapidly growing body of 
software that runs in data center 
infrastructure, such as virtualization, 
networking, storage, and security.
NVIDIA pioneered GPU computing. Building 
on Mellanox’s world-class networking chip, 
we are pioneering the DPU. An estimated 
one-third of the CPUs in a data center are 
processing infrastructure software. 
With NVIDIA BlueField DPUs, we can offload 
and accelerate the infrastructure, increase 
performance and security, and free up a 
third of the CPUs for applications.
During the year, we announced the Blue-
Field-2 DPU, our data center infrastructure 
on a chip. It's a breakthrough in high-perfor-
mance networking, storage, and security. In 
a large-scale data center, a single DPU can 
offload 200 CPU cores. Developers can use 
the NVIDIA DOCA SDK—the DPU equivalent 
Made in NVIDIA Omniverse
The pandemic was a tragedy, but we didn't 
let it go to waste. The world's scientific and 
healthcare community is in a race against 
time, armed with the latest technologies to 
do in months what previously took years. 
These new accelerated methods will 
profoundly impact the pace of drug discov-
ery for all diseases. We may have advanced 
science a decade in the past year.
researchers and developers, nearly 8,000 AI 
startups, and all major IT platform leaders. 
Developers have downloaded CUDA and 
NVIDIA AI software over 24 million times. 
What developers do on NVIDIA is extraordi-
nary, tackling society's greatest challenges 
and inventing a future that is impossible 
otherwise. It gives us profound joy to 
supercharge their work.
COVID-19 will not be the last killer virus, but 
will hopefully be the last pandemic. Next 
time, the world will be better prepared. 
NVIDIA GPU computers and NVIDIA Clara, 
with our suite of imaging, atomic and 
quantum physics simulations, and genome-
reading AI libraries, is our computational 
defense system that lets the world respond 
at the speed of light.
Our work this year is set in the context of the 
powerful forces shaping the computer 
industry. These forces, which will influence 
every industry in the future, will shape 
the world.
ACCELERATED COMPUTING IS THE 
PATH FORWARD
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing, 
which supercharges computationally 
intensive applications like computer 
graphics, scientific computing, AI, and 
robotics. We accomplish this with a special 
processor and full-stack computer science 
that reinvents chips and systems, system 
software, and applications. Our work spans 
the largest cloud data centers to tiny 
autonomous machines.
Our dedication to accelerated computing has 
built a community of more than 2.5 million 
RTX RESETS COMPUTER GRAPHICS
Computer graphics is the driving force of our 
company. At its core, computer graphics is 
about simulations—using mathematics and 
computer science to simulate the interaction 
of light and materials; the physics of objects, 
particles, and waves; and now simulating 
intelligence and animation.
The science, engineering, and artistry that 
we dedicate to simulate mother nature's 
physics have led to incredible advances.
In simplistic terms, NVIDIA GPU 
processing has increased 100,000-fold 
in 25 years and has allowed us to advance 
the basic sciences, the arts, and the 
world's industries.
Last year, we introduced the second 
generation of NVIDIA RTX—a new rendering 
approach that fuses rasterization and 
programmable shading with hardware-
accelerated ray tracing and AI. The 
culmination of 10 years of research, RTX has 
reset computer graphics. Real-time ray 
tracing has arrived.
RTX is a home run—our most successful 
GPU generation ever. Demand for the 
GeForce 30 Series is incredible, driving our 

--- Page 16 ---
to our CUDA SDK for GPUs—to easily create 
high-performance, software-defined, 
cloud-native applications and services 
for BlueField-2.
instances. With processors growing larger, 
MIG provides another degree of versatility by 
letting services configure the computer with 
giant GPUs or many smaller ones.
In September, we announced an agreement 
to acquire Arm for $40 billion to create the 
world's premier computing company. Arm is 
the world's most popular CPU. They were 
first a breakout provider for the mobile 
market and have since expanded into new 
markets, including PCs, cloud, and high 
performance computing. They have an 
excellent business model. With NVIDIA's AI 
capabilities, we can enhance Arm's offering 
in mobile and embedded, build a thriving 
ecosystem, and advance computing from the 
cloud, smartphones, PCs, self-driving cars, 
robotics, and edge IoT. Together, we have the 
opportunity to provide greater choice in the 
data center ecosystem.
When we announced the acquisition, we esti-
mated the regulatory review process would 
take approximately 18 months, and it's 
moving forward as expected. We're 
confident that regulators will see the 
benefits to the entire tech ecosystem.
NVIDIA INVENTS 
A COMPUTER FOR AI
At the beginning of the big bang of modern 
AI, we recognized the need to create a whole 
new kind of computer for a new way of devel-
oping software. Software will write software 
running on AI computers. 
The cornerstone of NVIDIA AI is the 
re-invention of the GPU to become Tensor 
Core GPUs. This year we surprised the 
industry with the advancement of the NVIDIA 
Ampere architecture. NVIDIA A100 is a 
54-billion transistor marvel and the first 
universal data center GPU—a rocket engine 
for data analytics and scientific computing, 
AI training, and inference workloads. What 
used to be done by two or three GPUs is 
unified within one. The versatility gives data 
centers greater flexibility and utilization.
Two new inventions came with the A100. The 
first is a numerical format called Tensor-
Float-32. It speeds up deep learning 
processing, so Ampere GPUs learn 
incredibly fast—20x faster than our previous 
generation Volta GPU. The second is 
Multi-Instance GPU (MIG) technology, which 
divides a single GPU into seven smaller 
AI needs a whole new type of computer with 
new chips like the A100 Tensor Core GPU, 
new system architecture, new ways to 
network, new software, and new methodolo-
gies and tools. We've invested billions into 
this intuition, and it has proven helpful to 
the industry.
It all comes together as DGX—a computer 
for AI.
We offer DGX as a fully integrated system, as 
well as offer the components to the industry 
to create differentiated options.
I am pleased to see so much AI research 
advancing because of DGX—top universities, 
research hospitals, telcos, banks, consumer 
products companies, carmakers, and 
aerospace companies. DGX helps their 
AI researchers—whose expertise is rare, 
scarce, and their work strategic. It is 
imperative to make sure they have the right 
instrument. If software is to be written by 
computers, companies with the best 
software engineers will need the 
best computers.
Along with the new Ampere GPU, we 
unveiled the new DGX, the most powerful 
computer we've ever made. Powered by 
eight A100 GPUs, the DGX A100 replaces 
hundreds of CPU-based servers. The 
performance is incredible—five petaflops 
in a single box.
AI – SOFTWARE 
THAT WRITES SOFTWARE
We reinvented every layer of computing for 
AI. First, we invented Tensor Core GPUs and 
DGX. Then the suite of system software and 
acceleration libraries we call NVIDIA AI.
Using NVIDIA AI, our world-class AI experts 
developed pre-trained AI frameworks that 
customers can customize for their applica-
tions. These are skills like computer vision, 
conversational AI, recommender systems, 
AI avatars, robotics, and autonomous 
vehicles. These AI skills are state of the art, 
trained to be used in production, and 
optimized for accuracy and performance.
One example is our Jarvis conversational AI. 
It’s composed of a set of complex machine 
learning skills—speech recognition, 
language understanding, translation, and 
speech—that lets us carry on a conversation 
with an AI. Jarvis is trained on over a billion 
pages of text and can recognize speech at 
world-class 90 percent accuracy. Jarvis 
responds interactively and can run any-
where there is NVIDIA.
Another is our Merlin recommender system 
which learns our explicit and implicit 
preferences to suggest a new restaurant, 
movie, or song we might like based on what 
we've enjoyed before. Recommender 
systems are the personalization engines of 
the internet, filtering trillions of items to 
present the ones most relevant to you. It is 
the economic engine of internet services.
And it is one of the largest computing 
infrastructures of most internet companies. 
NVIDIA Merlin simplifies the effort to build a 
state-of-the-art recommender system.
THE FOUR WAVES OF AI
AI—computers automating intelligence—is 
the most powerful technology force of our 
time. We see AI in four waves. The first was 
to reinvent computing for this new way of 
doing software. The second came as internet 
companies deployed AI in the cloud. AI 
services recognize our speech, understand 
our meaning, and make recommendations.
The next wave is enterprise and the industri-
al edge. AI will revolutionize the world's 
largest industries—manufacturing, logistics, 
agriculture, healthcare, financial services, 
transportation. Companies are integrating 
5G, AI, and autonomous machines to create 
smart services. It's the smartphone moment 
for the world's industries.
Let me give you some examples of AI at the 
industrial edge.
 >
Artisight uses NVIDIA AI to create an AI 
nurse assistant that continuously 
watches over patients, converses with 
patients, and alerts nurses if it sees a 
patient has fallen.
 > USPS uses NVIDIA AI to recognize 
features on a package as it flies by on a 
conveyor belt to sort 20 million packages 
a day.

--- Page 17 ---
 > RecyclEye uses NVIDIA AI to recognize 
and sort items in a recycling plant.
 > Datamonsters uses NVIDIA AI to find 
packaging defects on high-velocity 
conveyor belts.
 >
Everseen uses NVIDIA AI to do fast and 
error-free checkout for Kroger, the 
largest supermarket chain in the U.S.
Someday, the industrial edge will be trillions 
of sensors streaming continuous data to AI 
systems that automate tasks impossible just 
a few years ago.
EVERYTHING THAT MOVES 
WILL BE AUTONOMOUS
Autonomous systems are the fourth wave. 
Self-driving cars are iconic examples.
Everything that moves will someday be 
autonomous machines that perceive their 
environment, reason, plan, and act. Whether 
it's a robot assisting a factory worker or an 
autonomous car on the road, each has to 
make split-second decisions to do its job 
safely. The computation required is 
enormous, the software is complex, and 
safety and security are vital. For robotics, 
our platform is NVIDIA Isaac, and for 
self-driving cars, we have NVIDIA DRIVE.
The world drives 10 trillion miles a year. At a 
few dollars per mile, transportation—mov-
ing people and things—is one of the largest 
industries. DRIVE is an end-to-end AI 
system—from the robotic processors and 
computers, sensor architecture, data 
processing, mapping, developing the driving 
software, creating the simulator and digital 
twin, fleet command operations, to road 
testing—all of it to the highest functional 
safety and cybersecurity standards.
Our new system-on-a-chip NVIDIA Orin 
will provide the immense compute 
demands inside the car. Orin is one of our 
greatest design feats. It's based on the 
NVIDIA Ampere architecture and can 
deliver 254 trillion operations per second 
to scale from driver assistance to fully 
autonomous robotaxis.
Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, and SAIC have 
chosen Orin for their next-generation cars, 
as have electric vehicle startups like Nio, 
XPeng, Li Auto, IM Motors, and Faraday 
Future. Robotaxi leaders Cruise, Amazon 
Zoox, Oxbotica, Pony.AI, AutoX, and Didi; and 
autonomous trucking companies TuSimple, 
Volvo, Navistar, Plus, Einride, and Locomo-
tion have also selected NVIDIA DRIVE.
This year, we announced that Mercedes has 
chosen NVIDIA to build the world's most 
advanced cars. Starting in 2024, the entire 
Mercedes-Benz fleet will be powered by 
NVIDIA DRIVE—utilizing NVIDIA's end-to-
end platform to offer autonomous driving 
software and services.
Powered by NVIDIA AI, robotics will 
help every industry achieve new levels 
of productivity.
John Deere built agriculture machines that 
"see and spray" to reduce chemical and 
herbicide use.
Postmates uses delivery robots for last-mile 
food and grocery deliveries as the 
e-commerce trend booms.
Plus One Robotics robots are used by 
FedEx to sort all kinds of packages 
at 1,300 packages per hour, helping FedEx 
deal with the exponential increase in 
e-commerce volume.
Dole uses FarmWise Labs robots to remove 
weeds mechanically, eliminating the need 
for chemical herbicides. The machine covers 
up to 20 acres a day and uses models trained 
on over 20 million images of crops.
AI is the engine of the fourth industrial 
revolution.
Made in NVIDIA Omniverse
NVIDIA OMNIVERSE – VIRTUAL 
WORLDS WHERE ROBOTS LEARN
Thousands of companies are developing 
robots that perform repetitive tasks, 
dangerous tasks, or impossible-for-human 
tasks and work beside people to amplify 
our productivity.
Training robots is problematic in the physical 
world. We need a virtual world that appears 
and behaves like our actual world so that 
robots can learn skills. This simulated 
virtual world will demand the most 
advanced graphics, physics simulation, and 
AI running on superfast computers.
NVIDIA Omniverse is a virtual world 
simulator that is physically accurate. Unlike 
a game or movie, Omniverse is a real-time 
simulation. And though beautiful, Omniverse 
is not art, but pure science.
One application of Omniverse is to create 
digital twins. Let’s use manufacturing as an 
example. In Omniverse, we will build 
virtual factories, train robots, and simulate 
the entire plant in operation. The actual and 
virtual factory will run in parallel. Inside 
Omniverse will be the digital twin, 
monitoring, tracking, and exploring ways to 
improve factory productivity. Digital twins 
will be needed for robotics, such as 
self-driving cars, surgical robots, and 
robotic warehouses.
Omniverse is one of our most important 
initiatives. You are going to see a lot more 
of Omniverse.

--- Page 18 ---
BUILDING A UNIQUE COMPANY
 > Do the really hard things that no one has 
We had an incredible year.
I often say that we are "30 days from going 
out of business." True or not, I've believed 
this since our founding. Relevance and 
growth are not the natural state of any 
company—the opposite is. So, we must work 
to stay relevant, fight the gravity of good-
enough, and seek the extraordinary. It's a 
struggle—easy for no one. But it is a 
struggle we love.
Our company lives by a few principles:
 > Build a company that attracts the world's 
best people in our field, giving them a 
place to do their life's work, where they 
can build a great life, and promising 
never to squander their talents.
done, and in the event that we do it, will 
move the needle for society.
 > Do things that we are uniquely built to do.
 > Do things that bring us incredible joy as 
the journey will be paved with failure 
and suffering.
If we do these things, we will build a special 
company that makes unique and meaningful 
contributions to the world.
We were true to our values, we did great 
work, and in these ways, we had an 
incredible year.
I want to thank all the NVIDIA families, 
who could work anywhere but volunteered 
to be with us in this great adventure we 
call NVIDIA.
Jensen Huang 
CEO and Founder, NVIDIA 
April 2021

--- Page 19 ---
NVIDIA CORPORATION 
NOTICE OF 2021 ANNUAL MEETING 
PROXY STATEMENT AND FORM 10-K 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain  statements  in  this  document  including,  but  not  limited  to,  statements  as  to:  the  impact,  benefits,  abilities,  features,  performance,  and 
availability of our products and technologies, including Ampere architecture-based GPUs, GeForce RTX GPUs, GeForce Experience, Max-Q, NVIDIA 
DGX SuperPOD, NVIDIA Maxine, RTX, DGX, EGX, NVIDIA EGX Edge AI platform, NVIDIA Clara, NVIDIA Bluefield DPUs, NVIDIA DOCA SDK, Tensor 
Core GPUs, NVIDIA A100, TensorFloat-32, MIG technology, DGX A100, NVIDIA AI, Jarvis, NVIDIA Merlin, NVIDIA Isaac, NVIDIA DRIVE, NVIDIA DRIVE 
AC, NVIDIA  DRIVE Sim, NVIDIA Omniverse, and NVIDIA Orin; the  impact of the pandemic; our contributions in combatting the pandemic  and its 
benefits and impacts; the startups using AI to revolutionize  healthcare, their work and its impacts; the world being  better prepared for the next 
pandemic, and how our technologies will help; NVIDIA GPU Computers and Clara being the computational defense system for responding to the 
next pandemic; COVID-19 and it being the last pandemic; accelerated computing methods impacting the pace of drug discovery; our work influencing 
every industry in the future and shaping the world; accelerated computing being the path forward, the community it has built and its impacts; NVIDIA 
GPU processing increases and its impacts; the success and demand for RTX; the upgrade cycle RTX is driving; the impact of the Mellanox acquisition; 
the  data  center  being  the  new  unit  of  computing  and  its  impacts;  the  benefits  and  impacts  of  the  Arm  acquisition  and  recommender  systems; 
approval of the Arm acquisition; how software will be written; software engineers needing the best computers; the waves of AI and their impacts; AI 
revolutionizing the world’s largest industries; what the industrial edge will be; everything that moves being autonomous machines; the companies 
using NVIDIA Orin; our work with Mercedes and its impact; robotics helping every industry achieve new levels of productivity; what simulated virtual 
worlds will demand; digital twins being needed for robotics; our company’s principles; the impact of autonomous vehicles; our growth drivers and 
opportunities; and our market position and strategies are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause 
results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic 
conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and 
competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our 
products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry 
standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors 
detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited 
to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website 
and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of 
the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events 
or circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 20 ---
NOTICE OF 2021 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and time:
Thursday, June 3, 2021 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2021
Items of business:
• Election of thirteen directors nominated by the Board of Directors
• Advisory approval of our executive compensation
• Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered 
public accounting firm for fiscal year 2022
• Approval of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to 
increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 2 billion shares to 4 billion 
shares
Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
Record date:
You can attend and vote at the annual meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close of 
business on April 5, 2021.
Stockholder list:
A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the close of business on the April 5, 2021 record date will 
be available during the entire time of the annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/
NVIDIA2021 and electronically for 10 days prior to the annual meeting to registered stockholders 
for any legally valid purpose related to the annual meeting.  For access to the stockholder list, 
please contact us at shareholdermeeting@nvidia.com.
Virtual meeting 
admission:
We will be holding our annual meeting virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/
NVIDIA2021.  To participate in the annual meeting, you will need the control number included on 
your notice of proxy materials or printed proxy card.
Pre-meeting 
forum:
To more effectively communicate with our stockholders in connection with the annual meeting, we 
have established a pre-meeting forum located at www.proxyvote.com where you can submit 
advance questions to us. 
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR 
SHARES.  As an alternative to voting online at the virtual annual meeting, you may vote via the Internet, by telephone 
or, if you have elected to receive a paper proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on 
June 3, 2021.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our Annual Review are available 
at www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051
April 23, 2021
