
--- Page 12 ---
DEAR NVIDIANS AND STAKEHOLDERS,
GPU COMPUTING 
HAS ARRIVED.
The tool that we built for the da Vincis and Einsteins 
of our time is the force behind today’s most promising 
trends, from gaming and VR to AI and self-driving cars.
We leverage our powerful platform by focusing on the 
hardest problems that only we can solve. They require 
deep technical integration, from processor to software 
to systems to domain expertise. They are worth the 
efforts of our talented, dedicated employees. 
And they matter to the world. 

--- Page 13 ---
OUR COMPANY IS UNIQUE IN ITS EVOLUTION AND MARKET 
POSITION. OUR STRATEGY IS FIRING ON ALL CYLINDERS.
Revenue was up 38% to reach a record 
AI fueled the rapid growth of our 
Transformed from chips to platforms 
$6.9 billion and gross margins expanded 
datacenter business, which tripled year 
and products. Along with our moves 
270 basis points to hit 58.8 percent. GAAP 
over year in the fourth quarter, bringing 
to build platforms for select vertical 
earnings per share were $2.57, up 138 
total annual revenue to $830 million. We 
markets, we’ve also evolved from 
percent. And we returned $1 billion to 
have a multi-year lead in AI computing. 
building chips to building systems. 
shareholders through dividends and 
We’ve built an end-to-end platform that 
NVIDIA SHIELD is one example of 
stock repurchases.
starts with a GPU optimized for AI. Our 
this transformation. SHIELD is a tiny 
single architecture spans computers of 
supercomputer for the home. It brings 
Our gaming business grew 44% this year 
every shape and size—PCs, servers, IoT 
NVIDIA’s famed gaming capabilities 
to a record $4.1 billion. The breakthrough 
devices—and is available from every 
to the living room, serves up 4K HDR 
Pascal architecture solidified our market 
cloud service provider—Alibaba, Amazon, 
movies, and is the AI computer that will 
leadership. And we expanded our 
Google, IBM, Microsoft. GPU deep 
one day let you talk to and control your 
platform with solutions to ride the 
learning is the most advanced, most 
home. The DGX-1 AI supercomputer, 
massive waves of blockbuster games, 
accessible platform for AI. 
our main thrust to bring AI to every 
eSports, and social media.
enterprise, is another example of our 
Adoption of DRIVE PX 2 spurred our 
systems approach.
We continued to lead visual computing, 
multi-year lead in AI car computing. 
seeing double digit growth in our 
Our AI car platform spans the range of 
Today, NVIDIA is capable of innovating 
professional visualization business 
autonomous vehicles, from auto-piloted 
across the entire computing stack—
and advancing the field with our latest 
cars to driverless shuttles, from training 
from the most advanced GPUs to 
Iray and VR technologies.
to cloud mapping to in-car AI capabilities. 
innovative systems, from graphics to AI, 
Some of the world’s most innovative 
from device to cloud—to serve the most 
automakers, the world’s largest auto 
exciting growth industries of our time.
suppliers, and the leading mapping 
companies have adopted DRIVE PX.
REVENUE
+38%
$6.9 B
GROSS MARGINS
+270 bps
OPERATING MARGINS
+1,310 bps
28.0%
$3.00
EPS
+138%
$2.57
58.8%
FY '16
FY '17
FY '16
FY '17
$2.00
$1.00
$0.00
$8 B
$6 B
$4 B
$2 B
$ 0

--- Page 14 ---
GIVING BACK TO OUR COMMUNITIES 
SHAPING THE FUTURE
NVIDIANs are passionate about giving 
This includes $200,000 grants this year 
NVIDIA is a learning machine. For 
back to their communities, with a long 
to the Translational Genomics Research 
over two decades, we’ve continuously 
history of volunteerism and strong 
Institute for research to discover 
reinvented ourselves. Our work today 
support for fighting cancer and improving 
individualized therapeutic vulnerability 
is shaping the industries and society 
education. Our philanthropic giving this 
in cancer, and to a team at the University 
of tomorrow. 
year exceeded $5 million.
of North Texas that aims to discover 
new cancer biomarkers to improve 
Our company regularly receives top 
diagnosis and treatment. 
marks on prominent lists of the most 
socially and environmentally responsible 
With Project Inspire, our employees and 
companies, including debuting at No. 20 
their families come together each year 
on the 100 Best Corporate Citizens 
to enhance their local communities. In 
list in 2016. 
Santa Clara, we celebrated our 10th 
annual and largest yet event, which 
Our employee-run NVIDIA Foundation 
brought together 1,650 of us to transform 
sets the priorities for our philanthropic 
a local high school in an underserved 
The computing model that we pioneered 
efforts. We have invested more than $3 
neighborhood. In Pune, India, nearly 
is at the convergence of visual computing, 
million in Compute the Cure, which aids 
200 employees and their families 
high performance computing, and AI—
researchers using GPU computing 
improved a rural high school and junior 
technologies that will redefine the 
techniques to accelerate their cancer-
college. In the U.K., NVIDIANs teamed 
relationship between man and machine. 
fighting work as well as nonprofits 
up to improve a facility for people with 
The world we inhabit will increasingly 
providing care and support services 
learning disabilities.
to those affected by the disease.
be expanded by virtual realities. And 
our natural abilities will be amplified 
by artificial intelligence.
This is undoubtedly the most exciting 
time in our industry. AI will revolutionize 
the very structure and fabric of society, 
from transportation to healthcare, and 
allow us to finally tackle those challenges 
that matter most, like finding a cure 
for cancer.
We, at NVIDIA, are seizing the moment. 
Jensen Huang 
CEO and Founder, NVIDIA 
April 2017
The NVIDIA DGX SATURNV supercomputer will turboboost the U.S. government’s Cancer Moonshot. 
Comprised of 124 DGX-1 systems, SATURNV is the most energy-efficient supercomputer in the world.

--- Page 15 ---
NVIDIA CORPORATION 
NOTICE OF 2017 ANNUAL MEETING 
PROXY STATEMENT AND FORM 10-K 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this document including, but not limited to, statements as to: the impact and benefits of our products and technologies; the 
drivers of computer gaming growth; the impact of virtual reality, artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles; and our market position and strategies 
are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, 
package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or 
enhancements to our existing products and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or 
software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our 
products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are 
posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and speak only as of April 7, 2017, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking 
statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 16 ---
NOTICE OF 2017 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and time:
Tuesday, May 23, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2017
Items of business:
•  Election of twelve directors nominated by the Board of Directors
•  Approval of our executive compensation
•  Approval of the frequency of holding a vote on executive compensation
•  Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent 
registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2018
Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
Record date:
Virtual meeting
admission:
Pre-meeting forum:
You can attend, and vote at, the annual meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close
of business on March 24, 2017.
We will be holding our annual meeting online only this year at 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2017.  To participate in the annual meeting, you 
will need the control number included on your notice of Internet availability of the proxy 
materials or your proxy card (if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials).
The online format for the annual meeting also allows us to communicate more effectively with 
you via a pre-meeting forum that you can enter by visiting www.proxyvote.com.  On our pre-
meeting forum, you can submit questions in advance of the annual meeting, and also access 
copies of our proxy statement and annual report.
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES.  
As an alternative to voting online at the meeting, you may vote via the Internet, by telephone or, if you receive a paper 
proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held 
on May 23, 2017.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Stockholder Letter are 
available at www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary
Santa Clara, California
April 7, 2017

--- Page 17 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
DEFINITIONS
PROXY SUMMARY
PROXY STATEMENT
Information About the Meeting
Proposal 1—Election of Directors
Director Qualifications
Our Director Nominees
Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance
Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Role of the Board in Risk Oversight
Corporate Governance Policies of the Board of Directors
Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors
Nomination of Directors
Majority Vote Standard
Board Meeting Information
Committees of the Board of Directors
Director Compensation
Review of Transactions with Related Persons
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Proposal 2—Approval of Executive Compensation
Executive Compensation
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Risk Analysis of Our Compensation Plans
Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015
Grants of Plan-Based Awards For Fiscal 2017
Outstanding Equity Awards as of January 29, 2017
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2017
Employment, Severance and Change-in-Control Arrangements
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation Committee Report
Proposal 3—Approval of the Frequency of Holding an Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
Proposal 4—Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 2018
Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Additional Information
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Other Matters
PAGE
1
2
6
6
10
11
12
18
18
18
18
19
21
21
21
22
22
24
26
27
29
30
30
49
50
51
53
57
58
58
59
59
60
61
61
63
64
65
65
65

--- Page 18 ---
2007 Plan
2012 ESPP
2016 Meeting
2017 Meeting
2018 Meeting
AC
Board
CC
CD&A
CEO
Company
Control Number
Dodd Frank Act
Exchange Act
Exequity
FASB
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Form 10-K
GAAP
Internal Revenue Code
Lead Director
MY PSUs
NASDAQ
NCGC
NEOs
Non-GAAP Operating
Income
DEFINITIONS
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Audit Committee
The Company’s Board of Directors
Compensation Committee
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Chief Executive Officer
NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation
Identification number for each stockholder included in Notice or Proxy Card
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Exequity LLP, the CC’s independent compensation consultant
Financial Accounting Standards Board
The Company’s fiscal year 2016 (January 26, 2015 to January 31, 2016)
The Company’s fiscal year 2017 (February 1, 2016 to January 29, 2017)
The Company’s fiscal year 2018 (January 30, 2017 to January 28, 2018)
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2017 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017
Generally accepted accounting principles
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
Lead independent director
PSUs with a three-year performance metric
The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Named Executive Officers consisting of our CEO, our chief financial officer and our other three executive 
officers
GAAP operating income adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, product warranty charge 
(Fiscal 2016 only), legal settlement costs (Fiscal 2017 only), acquisition-related costs, contributions 
(Fiscal 2017 only) and restructuring and other charges, as the Company reports in its respective 
earnings materials.  The net aggregate adjustment to GAAP operating income for these items for Fiscal 
2017 was $287 million, and for Fiscal 2016 was $378 million.  Please see Reconciliation of Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis for a reconciliation between the non-
GAAP measures and GAAP results
Notice
NYSE
PSUs
PwC
RSUs
S&P 500
SEC
Stretch Operating Plan
SY PSUs
Target Compensation Plan Target goal attainment under the Variable Cash Plan, SY PSUs and MY PSUs
Threshold
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials
New York Stock Exchange
Performance stock units
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Restricted stock units
Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Index
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Maximum goal attainment under the Variable Cash Plan, SY PSUs and MY PSUs
PSUs with a single-year performance metric, vesting over four years
Threshold goal attainment under the Variable Cash Plan, SY PSUs and MY PSUs
TSR
Variable Cash Plan
Total shareholder return
The Company’s variable cash compensation plan
1

--- Page 19 ---
PROXY SUMMARY
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in the proxy statement.  This summary does not contain all 
of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting.
2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date and time:
Location:
Tuesday, May 23, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2017
Stockholders as of March 24, 2017 are entitled to vote
Record date:
Admission to meeting: You will need your Control Number to attend the annual meeting
Voting Matters and Board Recommendations
A summary of the 2017 Meeting proposals is below.  Every stockholder’s vote is important. Our Board urges you 
to vote your shares FOR proposals 1, 2 and 4, and for 1 YEAR for proposal 3. 
Matter
Management Proposals:
Election of twelve directors
Approval of our executive compensation
Approval of the frequency of holding a vote on
executive compensation
Ratification of selection of PwC as our independent
registered public accounting firm for Fiscal 2018
Election of Directors (Proposal 1)
Page
Board
Recommendation
Vote Required 
for Approval
Effect of
Abstentions
Effect of Broker
Non-Votes
10
29
60
61
FOR each director 
nominee
More FOR than 
WITHHOLD votes
None
FOR
1 YEAR
Majority of shares present Against
Majority of shares present Against
None
None
None
FOR
Majority of shares present Against
None
The following table provides summary information about each director nominee: 
Name
Age
Director
Since
Robert K. Burgess
Tench Coxe
Persis S. Drell
James C. Gaither
Jen-Hsun Huang
Dawn Hudson
Harvey C. Jones
Michael G. McCaffery
William J. Miller (2)
Mark L. Perry
A. Brooke Seawell
Mark A. Stevens
59
59
61
79
54
59
64
63
71
61
69
57
2011
1993
2015
1998
1993
2013
1993
2015
1994
2005
Occupation
Independent Consultant
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures
Provost, Stanford University
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures
President & CEO, NVIDIA Corporation
Chief Marketing Officer, National Football League
Managing Partner, Square Wave Ventures
Chairman & Managing Director, Makena Capital Management Member
Independent Consultant
Independent Consultant
Venture Partner, New Enterprise Associates
1997
2008 (3) Managing Partner, S-Cubed Capital
Fiscal 2017 Committees
AC
NCGC
CC
Chair
Member
Member
Member
Member
Member Member
Chair
Member
(1)
(1)
(1)
Chair
Member
Member
__________
(1)  AC Financial Expert
(2)  Lead Director
(3)  Mr. Stevens previously served as a member of our Board from 1993 until 2006
2

--- Page 20 ---
Board Overview and Recent Refreshment
Our director nominees exhibit a variety of competencies, professional experience and backgrounds, and contribute 
diverse viewpoints and perspectives to our well-rounded Board.  While the Board benefits from the extensive experience 
and institutional knowledge that our longer-serving directors bring, it has also brought in new perspectives and ideas by 
appointing four new directors in the last six years, most recently Dr. Drell and Mr. McCaffery in 2015.  Below are the skills 
and competencies that our NCGC and Board consider important for our directors to have in light of our current business, 
and the number of directors that possess these competencies:
Corporate Governance Highlights
Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance, which is used to promote the long-term interest of NVIDIA 
and our stockholders.  Regular stockholder outreach is important to us.  We seek a collaborative approach to stockholder 
issues that affect our business and to ensure that our stockholders see our governance and executive pay practices as well-
structured.  Each year, our management contacts our  top 20 institutional stockholders (except for brokerage firms and 
institutional stockholders who we know do not engage in individual conversations with issuers) to gain valuable insights 
into their views on corporate governance and executive compensation issues.  We met with stockholders holding a total of 
approximately 30% of our common stock in both Fall of 2015 and Fall of 2016. Our Lead Director attended these meetings, 
and we expect representatives of the Board will continue to participate in future stockholder outreach.  
In response to feedback received during our annual stockholder outreach meetings, and in keeping with what is rapidly 
becoming a corporate governance best practice, in November 2016, the NCGC recommended, and the Board voluntarily 
adopted, a “proxy access” amendment to our Bylaws which enables a stockholder (or a group of up to 20 stockholders) 
owning at least 3% of the voting power of NVIDIA’s outstanding capital stock, continuously for at least three years, to 
include information in our proxy statement regarding director nominees for the greater of two candidates or 20% of the 
Board.  
3
