
--- Page 12 ---
ADVANCING GPU COMPUTING 
THROUGH TURBULENT TIMES
DEAR NVIDIANS 
AND STAKEHOLDERS,
This was an extraordinary year. We achieved 
records in each of our businesses. It was 
also a challenging, turbulent year, particularly 
in the third and fourth quarters as the 
cryptocurrency boom ended sharply and 
datacenter customers became more 
cautious amid economic uncertainties. 
In the face of these headwinds, we made 
giant strides in advancing computer 
graphics, high-performance datacenter 
computing, and AI. We are well positioned 
to continue our growth.
Revenue rose 21 percent to $11.72 billion, 
and gross margins expanded to 61.2 percent. 
GAAP earnings per share were $6.63, up 
38 percent. And we returned $1.95 billion 
to shareholders through dividends and 
share repurchases.
Turing has arrived and is reinventing 
computer graphics. We name our new 
GPU architectures after great inventors, 
scientists, and artists. We name them 
after the people for whom we create 
our computers. Turing is our newest 
architecture. Turing-based GeForce 
RTX GPUs make possible real-time ray 
tracing, a method of creating photorealistic 
graphics that has been a dream our 
industry has pursued for nearly four 
decades. Turing makes this dream possible 
by combining inventions in ray tracing, 
AI, and programmable shading in a new 
approach to graphics we named RTX. 
For gamers, it’s a giant leap from Pascal. 
Once you experience the heart-pounding 
realism of real-time ray-traced graphics, 
you can’t go back. Microsoft has adopted 
ray tracing in the next major Windows API, 
called Microsoft DirectX Raytracing, or 
DXR. Next-generation games can easily 
adopt ray tracing, and they’ll be beautiful. 
At CES 2019, we rounded out our RTX 
lineup with the GeForce RTX 2060, the 
first Turing GPU for the mass market 
and a major upgrade opportunity for 
millions of gamers. And we announced 
more than 40 new models of GeForce RTX 
gaming notebooks, addressing one of the 
fastest-growing segments in PC gaming 
today. Combining the incredible energy 
efficiency of our GPUs with our Max-Q 
system power optimization technologies, 
RTX notebooks are powerful yet thin-and-
sleek gaming machines.
Our gaming business grew 13 percent 
this year to a record $6.25 billion. With 
the cryptocurrency turbulence behind us 
and dazzling ray-traced games ahead, we 
expect the RTX lineup to drive sustained 
growth for our GeForce business.
We believe that one day everyone will 
be a gamer. Some will want to play on 
powerful gaming systems. Others will 
prefer the convenience to play anywhere 
and anytime there is a moment to spare. 
To expand the reach of games, we’ve been 
working for more than five years on a 
cloud gaming system—a virtual gaming 
PC in the cloud—called GeForce NOW. 
In beta for about a year as we optimize the 
challenging performance and latency of 
cloud gaming, GeForce NOW has hundreds 
of thousands of registered users and a 
waitlist of a million more.
Turing opens the $250 billion visual 
effects markets for our professional 
visualization business. Our pro workstation 
business achieved another record this year, 
growing 21 percent to $1.13 billion. We’re 
excited for the future as the Turing-based 
Quadro RTX is the most significant 
workstation GPU upgrade in a decade. 
Quadro RTX excels at new applications 
like photorealistic rendering, data science, 
AI, and VR. Tens of millions of designers 
and creative artists will enjoy a boost 
in productivity and an array of all-new 
capabilities. Imagine walking through a 
photorealistic rendering of a new building 
in VR. Or having an AI program assist 
you by automatically creating parts of 
the building’s design using generative-
design technology. Partners like Dell, 
HP, and Lenovo have already announced 
workstations powered by Quadro RTX.
And with Turing’s RTX ray-tracing capability, 
film studios can finally install NVIDIA GPUs 
in their render farms—providing a long-
awaited performance leap to the graphics 
rendering process of modern filmmaking. 
Nearly every movie today includes some 
special effects and image enhancement. 
Our Quadro RTX server will accelerate 
this tedious process, delivering 4X the 
performance and one-third the cost 
compared to CPU render farms.
AI adoption by hyperscalers, cloud, and 
enterprises drove growth of 52 percent in 
our datacenter business, reaching $2.93 
billion for the year. We didn’t meet our 
growth expectations for the fourth quarter 
as datacenter customers slowed purchases. 
The quarter overshadowed what was 
otherwise a year of great expansion 
of our datacenter portfolio.

--- Page 13 ---
NVIDIA accelerates three broad workloads 
of computing in “the new HPC” market: AI 
applications run by cloud service providers, 
scientific computing in supercomputing 
labs, and enterprise data analytics and 
machine learning across industries like 
retail, healthcare, and financial services.
It was a landmark year for NVIDIA in 
supercomputing. We now power the fastest 
supercomputers in the United States, 
Europe, and Japan. The U.S.-based Summit 
supercomputer—the world’s fastest— 
uses more than 27,000 NVIDIA V100 GPUs 
to achieve 144 petaflops of performance. 
On the most recent TOP500 list, we 
added 41 new systems for a total of 127 
supercomputers accelerated by NVIDIA. 
The GPU-accelerated computing approach 
NVIDIA pioneered has proven to be the best 
path forward as the era of exponential 
scaling of the CPU ends.
Cloud service providers use state-of-the-
art AI technologies when Google enhances 
and sorts your vacation photos, when Alexa 
answers questions or plays your song 
requests, or when Netflix recommends a 
movie for you to enjoy. These AI programs 
learned from examples and were written 
by giant computers. 
NVIDIA’s GPUs and CUDA AI platform 
power many of these computers and are 
used by researchers, developers, and 
service operators around the world to 
create and deploy AI services. This year, 
we announced our second-generation 
Tensor Core GPU, called T4. It’s the most 
energy-efficient GPU and is designed for 
easy adoption by hyperscale and enterprise 
datacenters. T4 is super versatile, able 
to accelerate deep learning training and 
inference, machine learning, data analytics, 
and cloud graphics. Adoption of T4 during 
the year was terrific. In January 2019, 
Google Cloud announced availability of 
T4 GPUs in its datacenters in the U.S., 
Europe, Brazil, India, Singapore, and Tokyo. 
T4 is designed for scale-out computing— 
the architecture used by hyperscalers and 
enterprises—and optimized for computing 
services where many users share a 
datacenter as a utility. 
We also announced a breakthrough in 
scale-up computing, where one computer 
is dedicated to a few people to achieve 
the fastest possible turnaround time. 
We launched NVIDIA DGX-2, the world’s 
first single-node computer to deliver two 
petaflops of deep learning performance. 
DGX-2 is powered by 16 fully interconnected 
Volta GPUs, pre-integrated with system 
software, and connected to the NGC cloud 
Image courtesy of GamesBeat
store of accelerated applications. It’s a 
great example of NVIDIA’s transformation 
into a computing company. In December 
2018, DGX-2 achieved first place in six 
categories of the first-ever objective 
third-party AI benchmark, called MLPerf. 
The DGX platform has been adopted by 
all leading computer makers and cloud 
service providers.
This year, we entered a new high 
performance computing market with 
the launch of the RAPIDS acceleration 
libraries for data analytics and machine 
learning. Developed with the open-source 
community, RAPIDS is a large suite of 
CUDA acceleration libraries that does 
for data scientists what we’ve done for 
deep learning developers. Data science 
is a field of computer science that applies 
algorithms to discover important insights 
from the seas of data collected by companies 
in healthcare, financial services, retail, and 
telecommunications. Companies use data 
science to forecast inventory, detect fraud 
and security breaches, connect riders 
to drivers, predict delivery arrival times, 
and help with lab experiments in drug 
discovery. Because of the vast amount 
of data involved, data science is one of the 
newest and most intensive HPC applications. 
We can help data scientists discover insights 
faster and work on much larger data sets 
with our computers. 
We fueled innovation on and off the road 
with the NVIDIA DRIVE platform. Our 
auto business grew 15 percent this year 
to a record $641 million, driven by the 
adoption of next-generation AI capabilities 
under the hood and inside the cockpit.
Our strategy is not to build self-driving 
cars, but to create a platform for every 
transportation company in the world to 
build them. To do so, we built our own 
self-driving car to create the end-to-end 
systems that we offer to customers. 
The NVIDIA DRIVE platform includes 
DGX-based AI development systems, 
the DRIVE Constellation virtual reality 
simulator, our DRIVE AP2X autopilot 
computer, the full self-driving car 
and driver interaction software stacks 
DRIVE AV and DRIVE IX, and the fleet of 
mapping and testing cars called BB8. 
Tier one partners rolled out new Xavier-
based DRIVE AGX car computers, we 
brought functional safety to the DRIVE 
platform, and we completed our first 
hands-free, 50-mile loop around the 
San Francisco Bay Area with BB8.
At CES, we announced DRIVE AutoPilot, 
the world’s first commercially available 
Level 2-plus self-driving car computer. 
DRIVE AutoPilot uses deep learning 
networks, features surround camera 
perception both in and outside of the car, 
and boasts world-leading AI processing 
capabilities. It significantly surpasses 
today’s ADAS offerings. Already, Volvo, 
Continental, and ZF have selected DRIVE 
AutoPilot to power autonomous vehicles.
To accelerate the path to safe autonomous 
driving, we introduced DRIVE Constellation, 
a VR simulator where autonomous vehicles 
can safely drive billions of miles in the 
datacenter. 
The world of autonomous machines 
extends well beyond self-driving cars. 
Eventually, every machine that moves 
will be autonomous—including hundreds 
of millions of warehouse forklifts, farming 
machines, and delivery robots.

--- Page 14 ---
CARING FOR OUR 
COMMUNITIES
BUILDING THE FUTURE
The highest purpose of a company is to 
make a positive impact in the world. At the 
global level, we do so with our inventions 
and ideas. Across our sites around the 
world, we also contribute to making our 
local communities better. We balance our 
near-term business goals with long-term 
commitments to improving lives, protecting 
our environment, and creating new 
technologies that benefit society and raise 
the ladder of science ever higher.
We’re proud to be recognized as one of 
the nation’s best employers and most 
socially responsible companies by such 
lists as Fortune’s Best Places to Work, 
the Corporate Equality Index, and the Dow 
Jones Sustainability Index. We debuted in 
FY19 on Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable 
Companies list and Equileap’s Gender 
Equality Index.
NVIDIANs are passionate about giving 
back through volunteerism and generosity. 
Our philanthropic giving this year, through 
contributions and community partnerships, 
exceeded $5.3 million. And 73 percent 
of our offices around the world held 
fundraisers or volunteered in their 
communities during the year.
To date, the NVIDIA Foundation’s Compute 
the Cure initiative has directed more than 
$5 million to the fight against cancer, 
including more than $365,000 raised 
by our employees last year for cancer 
organizations around the world.
We started NVIDIA to solve real-time 3D 
graphics. Creating a realistic computer-
simulated world is one of the greatest 
challenges in computing. After a quarter 
century of relentless pursuit, we’re still 
working on it. We believed in the beginning 
that the endeavor would create one of the 
world’s leading technology companies. 
We believe it now. Through our work we 
pioneered GPU computing and evolved it 
over the decades to advance the fields of 
computer graphics, high performance 
computing, and AI. Fundamentally, these 
areas share similar challenges. Each 
breakthrough opened the door to new 
and impactful challenges to tackle next.
Our NVIDIA Research team broke new 
ground this year in AI-based graphics 
technologies. Their work with GAN 
algorithms was particularly exciting, 
creating the first AI-rendered interactive 
virtual world.
We also opened a new AI Robotics Research 
lab in Seattle. The lab is working on a wide 
array of research projects, including robots 
that can mimic human motion, adapt to 
unstable surfaces, and even assist with 
kitchen tasks.
Technologies in our virtual robot training 
environment—where robots learned to putt 
a golf ball—are being applied to autonomous-
vehicle simulators to improve the safety of 
tomorrow’s self-driving cars. Our work in 
robotics will revolutionize manufacturing, 
agriculture, and space exploration. Robotics 
will even make future games more fun with 
AI characters that interact with you in 
make-believe worlds. 
Our work is reshaping trillion-dollar 
industries like transportation, healthcare, 
and manufacturing, and fostering entirely 
new industries just taking root.
In healthcare, research doctors use 
our systems to develop deep learning 
AI techniques that detect diabetic 
retinopathy and cancer, study chest 
CT scans, or find hairline bone fractures. 
These AI models can work alongside 
radiologists to increase accuracy. We 
created the NVIDIA Clara computing 
platform, named after Red Cross founder 
Clara Barton, for researchers and imaging 
equipment makers. Clara unifies the 
computational pipeline of medical imaging 
systems so that these new algorithms can 
be more easily deployed in hospitals.
The computers NVIDIA makes are the 
essential instruments of scientists, 
researchers, artists, and creators. We 
make tools with amazing and incredible 
possibilities. Like a time machine, we 
make computers for the Einsteins and 
da Vincis of our time to help them see 
and create the future. Few companies 
stand at this intersection. It inspires 
us and is our core purpose. I can’t 
imagine more important work.
This year will stand as one of the most 
extraordinary in our company’s history. 
It was surely turbulent. Yet it was a year 
when we did some of our best work ever. 
The strides we made this year have 
positioned us solidly for the future. 
We look forward to tackling the exciting 
challenges ahead and making a positive 
impact on how the future turns out for 
generations to come.
Jensen Huang 
CEO and Founder, NVIDIA 
April 2019

--- Page 15 ---
NVIDIA CORPORATION 
NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING 
PROXY STATEMENT AND FORM 10-K 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain  statements  in  this  document  including,  but  not  limited  to,  statements  as  to:  the  impact,  benefits,  abilities,  features  and  performance  of  our 
products and technologies; NVIDIA being well positioned to continue its growth; Turing reinventing computer graphics and making ray tracing possible; 
next-generation games being able to easily adopt ray tracing and their beauty; GeForce RTX 2060 being a major upgrade opportunity for millions of gamers; 
our expectation that the RTX lineup will drive sustained growth for our business; our belief that one day everyone will be a gamer, and how and where they 
will  want  to  play;  the  benefits  and  market  opportunity  for  Turing  and  our  professional  visualization  business;  Quadro  RTX  being  the  most  significant 
workstation GPU upgrade in a decade; Quadro RTX enabling tens of millions of designers and creative artists to enjoy a boost in productivity and capabilities 
and its ability to deliver increased performance and reduced costs from CPU render farms; NVIDIA accelerating three broad workloads in the new HPC 
market; NVIDIA’s GPU-accelerated computing approach being the best path forward as the era of exponential scaling of CPUs ends; data science being 
one of the newest and most intensive HPC applications and how NVIDIA can help data scientists to discover insights faster and work on much larger data 
sets; NVIDIA’s strategy to create a platform for transportation companies to build self-driving cars; that every machine that moves will eventually be 
autonomous; NVIDIA working on creating realistic computer-simulated worlds and our belief that this will create one of the world’s leading technology 
companies; NVIDIA’s work in robotics revolutionizing manufacturing, agriculture and space exploration; robotics making future games more fun with AI 
characters that interact with you in make-believe worlds; NVIDIA’s work and GPU computing reshaping trillion-dollar industries and fostering entirely 
new  industries;  looking  forward  to  tackling  the  exciting  challenges  ahead  and  making  a  positive  impact  on  how  the  future  turns  out  for  generations; 
NVIDIA’s products serving as gaming’s largest platform and giving rise to an entirely new generation of gamers; Quadro RTX’s delivering graphics that 
creators didn’t expect for another 5-10 years; autonomous vehicles being right around the corner; and our market position and strategies are forward-
looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and 
test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our 
existing products and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in 
consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when 
integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or 
SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on 
the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
speak only as of April 12, 2019, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect 
future events or circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 16 ---
NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and time:
Wednesday, May 22, 2019 at 10:30 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2019
Items of business:
• Election of twelve directors nominated by the Board of Directors
• Approval of our executive compensation
• Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020
• Approval of an amendment and restatement of our Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate
supermajority voting to remove a director without cause
Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
Record date:
You can attend, and vote at, the annual meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close
of business on March 25, 2019.
Virtual meeting
admission:
We will be holding our annual meeting online only this year at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2019.  To participate in the annual meeting, you
will need the control number included on your notice of proxy materials or printed proxy card.
Pre-meeting forum:
In order to allow for communication with our stockholders in connection with the annual
meeting, we have established a pre-meeting forum located at www.proxyvote.com where you
can submit advance questions to us.
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES.  As an
alternative to voting online at the meeting, you may vote via the Internet, by telephone or, if you receive a paper proxy
card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
May 22, 2019.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our Annual Review are available
at www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary
Santa Clara, California
April 12, 2019

--- Page 17 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
DEFINITIONS
PROXY SUMMARY
PROXY STATEMENT
Information About the Meeting
Proposal 1—Election of Directors
Director Qualifications and Nomination of Directors
Our Director Nominees
Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance
Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Role of the Board in Risk Oversight
Corporate Governance Policies of the Board of Directors
Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors
Majority Vote Standard
Board Meeting Information
Committees of the Board of Directors
Director Compensation
Review of Transactions with Related Persons
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Proposal 2—Approval of Executive Compensation
Executive Compensation
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Risk Analysis of Our Compensation Plans
Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017
Grants of Plan-Based Awards For Fiscal 2019
Outstanding Equity Awards as of January 27, 2019
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2019
Employment, Severance and Change-in-Control Arrangements
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control
Pay Ratio
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation Committee Report
Proposal 3—Ratification of the Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal
2020
Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
Proposal 4—Approval of an Amendment and Restatement to our Certificate of Incorporation
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Additional Information
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Other Matters
APPENDIX A—Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
PAGE
1
2
5
5
8
9
10
16
16
16
16
17
18
18
18
18
20
21
22
24
25
25
39
40
41
42
44
44
45
46
46
46
47
48
49
50
51
51
51
52
A-1

--- Page 18 ---
DEFINITIONS
2007 Plan
2012 ESPP
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
2019 A&R Charter
The Company’s proposed Amended and Restated Charter
AC
Audit Committee
Base Operating Plan
Performance goal necessary to earn the target award under the Variable Cash Plan and for the target
number of SY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Board
CC
CD&A
CEO
CFO
Charter
Company
Control Number
Dodd Frank Act
Exchange Act
Exequity
FASB
Fiscal 20__
Form 10-K
GAAP
The Company’s Board of Directors
Compensation Committee
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
The Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation
Identification number for each stockholder included in Notice or proxy card
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Exequity LLP, the CC’s independent compensation consultant
Financial Accounting Standards Board
The Company’s fiscal year ended on the last Sunday in January of the stated year
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2019 filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019
Generally accepted accounting principles
Internal Revenue Code
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
Lead Director
Lead independent director
Meeting
MY PSUs
Nasdaq
NCGC
NEOs
Non-GAAP Operating
Income
Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Multi-year PSUs with a three-year performance metric
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Named Executive Officers consisting of our CEO, our CFO, and our other three most highly compensated
executive officers as of the end of Fiscal 2019
GAAP operating income adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related and other
costs, and legal settlement costs, as the Company reports in its respective earnings materials.  The net
aggregate adjustment to GAAP operating income for these items for Fiscal 2019 was $603 million and for
Fiscal 2018 was $407 million.  Please see Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in our CD&A for
a reconciliation between the non-GAAP measures and GAAP results
Notice
NYSE
PSUs
PwC
RSUs
S&P 500
SEC
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials
New York Stock Exchange
Performance stock units
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Restricted stock units
Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Index
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Securities Act
Securities Act of 1933, as amended
Stretch
Performance goal necessary for the maximum number of MY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Stretch Operating Plan
Performance goal necessary to earn the maximum award under the Variable Cash Plan and for the
maximum number of SY PSUs to become eligible to vest
SY PSUs
Target
Threshold
TSR
PSUs with a single-year performance metric, vesting over four years
Performance goal necessary for the target number of MY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Minimum performance goal necessary to earn an award under the Variable Cash Plan and for SY PSUs
and MY PSUs to become eligible to vest
Total shareholder return
Variable Cash Plan
The Company’s variable cash compensation plan
1

--- Page 19 ---
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in the proxy statement.  This summary does not contain all of
the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting.
PROXY SUMMARY
2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date and time:
Wednesday, May 22, 2019 at 10:30 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Record date:
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2019
Stockholders as of March 25, 2019 are entitled to vote
Admission to meeting:
You will need your Control Number to attend the annual meeting
Voting Matters and Board Recommendations
A summary of the 2019 Meeting proposals is below.  Every stockholder’s vote is important. Our Board urges you to vote
your shares FOR each of the proposals. 
Matter
Management Proposals:
Election of twelve directors
Page
Board
Recommendation
Vote Required 
for Approval
Effect of
Abstentions
Effect of Broker
Non-Votes
FOR each director
nominee
More FOR than
WITHHOLD votes None
8
None
Approval of our executive compensation
24
FOR
Ratification of the selection of PwC as our
independent registered public accounting firm
for Fiscal 2020
Approval of an amendment and restatement of
our Charter to eliminate supermajority voting
to remove a director without cause
47
FOR
50
FOR
Election of Directors (Proposal 1)
Majority of
shares present
Majority of
shares present
66 2/3% of
shares
outstanding
Against
None
Against
None
Against
Against
The following table provides summary information about each director nominee:
Name
Age
Director
Since
Robert K. Burgess
Tench Coxe
Persis S. Drell
James C. Gaither
Jen-Hsun Huang
Dawn Hudson
Harvey C. Jones
Michael G. McCaffery
Stephen C. Neal
Mark L. Perry (1)
A. Brooke Seawell
Mark A. Stevens
61
61
63
81
56
61
66
65
70
63
71
59
2011
1993
2015
1998
1993
2013
1993
2015
2019
2005
1997
Occupation
Independent Consultant
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures
Provost, Stanford University
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures
President & CEO, NVIDIA Corporation
Independent Consultant
Managing Partner, Square Wave Ventures
Chairman & Managing Director, Makena Capital Management
Chairman, Cooley LLP
Independent Consultant
Venture Partner, New Enterprise Associates
Financial
Expert
Committee
Membership
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
ü
CC
CC
CC
NCGC
AC
CC, NCGC
AC
AC, NCGC
CC
AC, NCGC
2008 (2) Managing Partner, S-Cubed Capital
(1)  Lead Director
(2)  Mr. Stevens previously served as a member of our Board from 1993 until 2006
2

--- Page 20 ---
Board Overview and Recent Refreshment
Our director nominees exhibit a variety of competencies, professional experience, and backgrounds, and contribute diverse
viewpoints and perspectives to our Board.  While the Board benefits from the experience and institutional knowledge that
our longer-serving directors bring, it has also brought in new perspectives and ideas by appointing three new directors in
the last four years, including, most recently in 2019, Stephen C. Neal, a veteran attorney and corporate advisor.  Below are
the skills and competencies that our NCGC and Board consider important for our directors to have in light of our current
business and future market opportunities, and the number of directors who possess them: 
Our NCGC and Board also consider diversity in business experience, professional expertise, gender and ethnic background
among Board members in recommending nominees to serve as directors.
Corporate Governance Highlights
Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance to promote the long-term interests of NVIDIA and our stockholders.
We seek a collaborative approach to stockholder issues that affect our business and to ensure that our stockholders see
our governance and executive pay practices as well-structured.  In the Fall of 2018, we contacted stockholders holding
approximately 1% or more of our common stock (except for brokerage firms and index funds who we know do not engage
in individual conversations with companies), representing an aggregate ownership of 27%, to gain insights into their views
on  corporate  governance,  executive  compensation  and  environmental,  social  and  corporate  governance  issues.    Our
management and a member of our Board met with stockholders holding, in total, 26% of our common stock.
Highlights of our corporate governance practices include:  
üProxy access
üDeclassified Board
üMajority voting for directors
üActive Board oversight of risk and risk management
üAll Board members independent, except for our CEO
üIndependent Lead Director
ü75% or greater attendance by each Board member at 
    meetings of the Board and applicable committees
üIndependent directors frequently meet in executive sessions
üAt least annual Board and committee self-assessments
üAnnual stockholder outreach, including NCGC participation
üStock ownership guidelines for our directors and executive
officers
Approval of Executive Compensation for Fiscal 2019 (Proposal 2)
We are asking our stockholders to cast a non-binding vote, also known as “say-on-pay,” to approve our NEOs’ compensation.
The Board believes that our compensation policies and practices are effective in achieving our goals of attracting, motivating
and retaining a high-caliber executive team; rewarding financial and operating performance; and aligning our executives’
interests with those of our stockholders to create long-term value. The Board and our stockholders have approved holding
our “say-on-pay” votes annually. 
Executive Compensation Highlights
Our executive compensation program is designed to pay for performance.  We utilize compensation elements that align our
NEOs’  interests  with  those  of  our  stockholders  to  create  long-term  value.    Our  NEO  pay  is  heavily  weighted  toward
3
