
--- Page 12 ---
DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,
NVIDIA HAD A
BREAKOUT YEAR
T
H
E
Y
E
A
R
I
N
R
E
V
I
E
W
>   GPU revenue grew 7 percent* against a PC industry that 
declined 10 percent. Our sharp focus on vertical markets 
where visual computing matters paid off.
>   Gross margins reached a record 55 percent,* widening 
from 52 percent last year, and 35 percent ﬁ ve years ago. 
We have fundamentally shifted how we address our markets. 
Building the best GPUs is just the beginning. We now focus 
on creating the best visual computing platforms for key 
vertical markets — Gaming; Design and Visualization; HPC 
and Data Centers; Auto and Smart Devices. 
>   Revenue in HPC and Data Centers has grown at over 60 
percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in four years 
to nearly $200 million. Our GRID data center GPU platform is 
being evaluated by hundreds of companies and institutions, 
which can ﬁ nally virtualize their entire enterprise, from data 
center to PC clients. It will enable a new level of mobility to 
over 500 million enterprise professionals worldwide.
>   Tegra automotive won nearly $2 billion of new business 
that will ship over the next several years. This underscores 
our conviction that the mobile revolution is about more 
than phones.
>   We introduced Tegra K1, uniting our GPU and SoC proces-
sors under a single architecture. The 192-core super chip 
brings the heart of GeForce and the soul of Tesla to mobile. 
>   Our innovation engine continued to ﬁ re on all cylinders, 
with patent assets growing 10 percent to approximately 
7,000. We invented the GPU. Five years later, we invented 
CUDA, which enables our graphics chip to serve as a 
massively parallel general purpose processor. Recently, 
we invented the virtual GPU, opening cloud computing to 
rich interactive graphics. Invention is how we will extend 
our position as the world leader in visual computing.
We returned $1.07 billion to shareholders through a combination 
of share repurchases and cash dividends. We also completed 
a $1.5 billion convertible debt offering, which we expect to 
use for stock repurchases, dividend payments and general 
corporate purposes. Revenue dipped 3.5 percent, while net 
income declined 22 percent to $440 million as we invested 
for future growth.
Challenges were faced by our Tegra processor business which 
declined, although it has grown 48 percent CAGR over the past 
four years. Impacting last year’s performance was our decision 
to delay some products so that we could accelerate Tegra K1 
and supercharge our efforts by unifying our entire company 
around one architecture. Now, mobile computing has access 
to the same disruptive GPU that has established our leading 
position in gaming and design, and is revolutionizing HPC 
and data centers. And we can leverage our expertise and 
investments across every major computing platform. 
87888_NVDA_Editorials.indd   11
3/28/14   7:58 PM
 
 
 

--- Page 13 ---
POISED FOR GROWTH
We’ve laid the foundation to grow our business in three 
key areas.
Gaming. With revenue projected to hit $26 billion in 2014, 
PC gaming is large and growing. NVIDIA is the clear choice of 
hundreds of millions of PC gamers. And GeForce is the best 
GPU for PC gaming. But that’s just the beginning of our gaming 
strategy. We aim to create an end-to-end platform that deﬁ nes 
next-gen PC gaming. An integral part of our platform is 
GeForce Experience, a software console that conﬁ gures games 
to run optimally on individual PCs, and continues to tune and 
reﬁ ne a PC’s performance in the same way that phones are 
updated over the air. Integrated NVIDIA GameStream technology 
lets gamers enjoy their PC games on TVs or our portable game 
console, SHIELD. GeForce Experience is enjoyed by over 
30 million gamers around the world. 
Data centers. With GRID, we launched our ﬁ rst true enterprise 
product. By moving the GPU to the data center and enabling 
it to be shared, GRID lets companies deliver graphics-rich 
applications — like design tools from Adobe and Autodesk — 
to mobile employees using almost any connected device. GRID 
is a vital piece of the enterprise virtualization puzzle. We can now 
virtualize an enterprise from server room to PC. With hundreds 
of trials underway — from architecture ﬁ rms and design studios 
to ﬁ nancial-services giants and the oil & gas industry — GRID 
is meeting tremendous response. Every major server OEM 
and virtualization company has partnered with us to take GRID 
to market. 
Our Tesla processor for HPC and big data analytics is excelling, 
with more and more industries tapping into the power of the 
GPU. Whether for life sciences or energy discovery or inventing 
new materials, Tesla GPUs offer amazing acceleration to 
massive simulations. 
This year, an exciting new ﬁ eld emerged for our GPUs — 
machine learning. Using the torrent of images and videos 
that are uploaded daily, computers can self-learn to recognize 
language, speech and objects. Relying on “deep neural 
networks,” a ﬁ eld of artiﬁ cial intelligence, GPU-powered 
machines can self-learn so quickly that it’s now possible to 
deploy this breakthrough to improve fundamental internet 
services, like search and product recommendations.
There is already well over 1 exabyte of images and videos in 
the cloud, more than 100,000 times the books in the Library of 
Congress. Hundreds of millions of photos are uploaded daily. 
And the amount of data created will rise 50-fold this decade, 
according to IDC. Our GPUs can make a real contribution to 
processing this deluge — enabling computers to learn how to 
help us search a world ﬁ lled with images. It is an opportunity 
that could potentially require millions of our GPUs. 
Automotive. We have a long history with the auto industry, 
where designers and engineers rely on Quadro-powered 
workstations to do their best work. Our latest visual computing 
developments focus on the core technology inside the car. 
Today, NVIDIA powers the digital cockpits and infotainment 
systems in many of the world’s leading models, including Audi, 
BMW and Volkswagen. The Tesla Model S sedan, one of the 
most lauded cars in decades, relies on two NVIDIA processors 
to make up the car’s computer brain.
The Tegra K1 visual computing module will accelerate this 
momentum. With the power of 192 CUDA cores, Tegra K1 puts 
a power-sipping supercomputer inside future cars. It can drive 
camera- or radar-based advanced driver assistance systems, 
or ADAS — which provide capabilities like pedestrian detection, 
blind-spot monitoring, lane-departure warning and street-sign 
recognition. It can also monitor driver alertness through a 
dashboard-mounted camera. We are not far off from an auto-
piloted car that can navigate a massive parking lot, ﬁ nd a 
spot, and later return to fetch you. 
The importance of our processors in cars will only increase. 
During his CES keynote address, Audi Chairman Rupert Stadler 
cited numerous mega-trends that will drive the industry 
forward, including connectivity, infotainment, human-machine 
interface design, and driver assistance. Each depends on 
NVIDIA technology.
With our expertise in visual computing, NVIDIA can make a 
deep contribution to the future of the auto industry.
2014 ANNUAL REPORT
11
87888_NVDA_Editorials.indd   12
3/31/14   11:38 PM

--- Page 14 ---
T
H
E
Y
E
A
R
I
N
R
E
V
I
E
W
GIVING BACK 
AROUND THE WORLD
We are proud of the technology breakthroughs that NVIDIA 
drives. We are equally proud of our commitment to improve 
our communities. Making a contribution is one of the core 
values that bind together our 8,800 employees in 24 countries 
around the world. 
We do much of this work through the NVIDIA Foundation, 
one of the corporate world’s few fully employee-run 
philanthropic initiatives.
Compute the Cure is a broad program championed by the 
NVIDIA Foundation to combat cancer through employee 
fundraising efforts, awareness and support programs and 
volunteer work. We awarded our second major research 
grant under this program to a promising researcher at the 
University of California at San Diego, who is developing a 
GPU-accelerated computer-aided drug design platform to 
help speed the development of more effective cancer 
treatments.
Our ﬂ agship volunteer event is called Project Inspire, 
where our people, along with their families and friends,
come together to transform their local communities. 
This year, we had our most successful event ever. In Santa 
Clara, we focused on transforming Ocala Middle School 
and its surrounding community softball ﬁ elds, in nearby 
East San Jose. Our own investment of $500,000 in labor and 
materials unlocked an additional $1 million in support from 
the city, school district and non-proﬁ t agencies. This enabled 
extensive physical improvements to be matched with new 
educational and after-school programs that will beneﬁ t 
thousands of students for years to come. 
Many of our other ofﬁ ces drive similar programs. 
In Wüerselen, Germany, we focused on a center for troubled 
youth. In Shanghai, we set up a library in an underserved 
primary school. Over the course of the year, we logged more 
than 14,000 volunteer hours by employees. Many chose to 
focus on educational work, and our programs beneﬁ ted 
some 66,000 children.
I’m inspired by their dedication, which both helps the less 
fortunate around us and brings our NVIDIA family closer 
together.
A FOOTHOLD IN THE FUTURE
The next wave of visual computing will reshape our basic 
understanding of what computers can do. NVIDIA’s two 
decades of work in the ﬁ eld has put us ahead in many new 
and growing opportunities. 
Our lead was borne out of the invention and creativity of the 
world’s most talented engineers, who joined NVIDIA to be 
challenged to do their best work. It has instilled a culture of 
drive and innovation, one that can invent the future. 
I have never been more proud of the contributions we are 
making and more excited about where NVIDIA is heading.
Sincerely,
Sincerely,
Jen-Hsun Huang
Jen-Hsun Huang
CEO & Co-founder, NVIDIA
April 2014
87888_NVDA_Editorials.indd   13
3/26/14   3:19 PM
 
 
 
