
--- Page 14 ---
DEAR NVIDIANS 
AND STAKEHOLDERS,
NVIDIA had an excellent year. Full-year 
revenue was a record $26.91 billion, up 
61 percent from $16.68 billion a year ago. 
Gross margins expanded to 64.9 percent, 
and earnings per share were $3.85, up 
123 percent from a year ago. We 
returned $399 million during the year 
to shareholders through quarterly 
cash dividends.
Our top priority remains the continued 
expansion of NVIDIA accelerated 
computing—creating software, systems, 
and chips to serve new markets. NVIDIA 
grows through any combination of these. 
New chips open new markets. For 
example, the new Orin robotics 
processor chip is the central computer 
for a new generation of logistics robots, 
delivery robots, and self-driving cars, 
trucks, and taxis. And Grace is a new 
CPU architecture designed for ultra-fast 
data processing, the essential operation 
of AI and machine learning. Grace is our 
entry into the CPU market.
New software opens new markets. 
NVIDIA has sped up computing a million 
times over the past decade by GPU-
accelerating algorithms, optimizing 
across the full stack, and scaling across 
the entire data center. NVIDIA SDKs, or 
software development kits, capture the 
complex computer science and 
engineering into expertly crafted CUDA 
libraries. Our cuQuantum SDK running 
on DGX computers is the ideal simulation 
system for quantum computing, 
chemistry, and cybersecurity 
researchers. And while quantum 
computing may still be a few decades 
away, NVIDIA cuOpt is a real-time 
combinatorial complexity planner that 
operations, logistics, and delivery 
services can use today. 
NVIDIA SDKs are the heart and soul of 
accelerated computing. New SDKs 
connect us to new opportunities. NVIDIA 
has hundreds of SDKs that form several 
core platforms: NVIDIA RTX for graphics, 
NVIDIA HPC for scientific computing, 
NVIDIA AI for data science and AI, NVIDIA 
DRIVE for autonomous vehicles, and 
NVIDIA Omniverse, our physically 
accurate simulation platform for 
developing and operating automated 
fleets of cars and trucks, and automating 
places like warehouses and factories.
Starting this year, we are offering 
enterprise software license and support 
models for NVIDIA AI, NVIDIA DRIVE, and 
NVIDIA Omniverse.
New software, new systems, and new 
chips can create markets. Machine 
learning algorithms developed on 
TensorFlow and PyTorch, and processed 
by NVIDIA AI running on our DGX 
systems with Tensor Core GPUs, 
revolutionized AI. Omniverse running on 
OVX systems with NVIDIA Spectrum 
networking chips and systems will be 
added to NVIDIA's platform to open the 
next wave of AI. 
REVENUE
+61%
$26.91
$16.68
$30
$25
$20
$15
$10
$5
$0
s
n
o
i
l
l
i
B
n
i
GROSS MARGIN
+260 bps
64.9%
62.3%
65%
64%
63%
62%
61%
60%
EPS
+123%
$3.85
$1.73
$4
$3
$2
$1
$0
FY21
FY22
FY21
FY22
GAAP results
FY21
FY22
 

--- Page 15 ---
We’ve expanded our platform in every 
dimension and direction—more 
developers, more applications, and new 
customers in new industries. NVIDIA 
now serves over three million developers 
and is available from every major 
computer maker and cloud, and has been 
adopted by over 25,000 companies in 100 
trillion dollars' worth of industries. 
NVIDIA GTC 2022 LAUNCHED 
LARGEST-EVER WAVE OF 
NEW PRODUCTS
We built NVIDIA like a computing stack, 
or neural network, in four layers: 
hardware, system software, platform 
software, and applications. Each layer is 
open to computer makers, service 
providers, and developers to integrate 
with their offerings.
We innovated across every layer this 
year. At our virtual developers 
conference GTC 2022, we announced 
new GPU, CPU, and networking chips 
and systems—our largest rollout to date.
The Hopper-architecture-based NVIDIA 
H100 GPU has arrived, and its 
performance is unbelievable. It's the new 
engine of the world's AI infrastructure. 
At four petaflops of AI power, H100 
performance is an order of magnitude 
beyond that of our NVIDIA Ampere-based 
A100. Designed to support the next wave 
Grace CPU Superchip
NVIDIA Hopper H100
of AI adoption, it introduces a set of 
breakthrough security features like GPU 
isolation and confidential computing, 
dynamic programming to speed complex 
science problems, direct memory 
connections, and high-speed networking.
We also introduced the Grace CPU 
Superchip—our entry into CPUs. With an 
unbelievable one-terabyte-per-second 
memory bandwidth, Grace moves and 
processes mountains of data. It's ideal 
for AI infrastructure, cloud, and 
scientific computing.
In addition to GPU and CPU news, we 
announced NVIDIA Spectrum-4—the 
world's first 800 Gbps networking 
switch. With Spectrum for Ethernet, 
Quantum for InfiniBand, NVLink for 
multi-node DGX, and our DOCA 
networking, storage, and security 
infrastructure software stack, NVIDIA is 
ready to build out the world's AI 
infrastructure, from end to end.
NVIDIA GPU, CPU, and networking 
systems are some of the industry's most 
advanced technologies and form the 
foundation of our computing platform.
We now have more than 450 NVIDIA AI 
libraries and software development kits 
to serve industries such as gaming, 
design, quantum computing, AI, 5G/6G, 
and robotics.
It was a breakthrough year for NVIDIA 
accelerated computing.
 

--- Page 16 ---
NVIDIA RTX REINVENTS 
COMPUTER GRAPHICS, 
BLURRING REAL AND 
PHYSICAL WORLDS
Computer graphics is the driving force 
of NVIDIA. Through the decades, we've 
repeatedly reinvented computer 
graphics—the GPU, programmable 
shading, material simulation, and, in 
2018, RTX real-time ray tracing and AI 
image synthesis.
The arrival of NVIDIA RTX real-time ray 
tracing, approximating the physics of 
light and materials to generate 
photorealistic virtual worlds, accelerated 
the industry to warp speed and pulled us 
all 10 years into the future.
Today, RTX is everywhere and 
reinventing every application of 3D 
graphics. More than 250 games and apps 
use RTX, from Fortnite to Adobe 
Photoshop. Architecture walkthroughs, 
product design, product configurators, 
and virtual showrooms are now 
photorealistic. NVIDIA RTX made 
real-time photorealistic 3D graphics 
possible. The line between computer 
graphics and reality, and therefore the 
digital and physical worlds, will become 
increasingly blurred.
THE AI INFRASTRUCTURE 
OF AI COMPANIES
Fast computers running AI algorithms 
can learn patterns and relationships 
from data to write software that was 
previously impossible. Knowledge of this 
new way of developing software and 
products is spreading quickly. 
Companies from nearly every industry 
are processing and refining their raw 
data to make AI software. They are 
manufacturers of intelligence, and data 
centers are their factories.
We work with over 25,000 companies, 
applying AI to reinvent their industries—
from consumer internet companies to 
those in healthcare, manufacturing, 
FESTO Physical Model
FESTO Omniverse Digital Twin
logistics, retail, financial services, 
energy, design, and transportation. 
AI is the most impactful technology force 
of our time. We are all hands on deck to 
advance the NVIDIA AI platform, solve 
new problems, and make AI more 
accessible—from PC, cloud, enterprise 
data centers, the industrial edge, robotic 
systems, and scientific supercomputers.
THE NEXT WAVE OF AI
This year, bringing Omniverse to market 
was a huge achievement and opened a 
new chapter for NVIDIA. Omniverse is a 
3D simulation engine to build and 
connect virtual worlds. In Omniverse, 
designers can collaborate with other 
designers, and even AIs and robots, to 
create virtual worlds. Digital twins of 
robots can hone their skills in virtual 
worlds before performing tasks in the 
physical world. 
An automobile manufacturer like BMW 
can build and test a new factory with a 
digital twin before laying the first brick 
and configuring the first assembly line. 
Once the actual factory is operating, 
logistics planners will use the digital 
twin to prototype new process flows and 
software. That software can be deployed 
into the physical factory when 
optimizations demonstrate improved 
efficiency. Digital twins will be essential 
to designing and operating future 
software-defined plants.
Large industrial companies have already 
created fully operational digital twins in 
Omniverse. Siemens Energy is 
developing a digital twin for predictive 
maintenance at power plants that could 
help save utility providers an estimated 
$1.7 billion a year. Ericsson is simulating 
the interplay between 5G cells and the 
environment. PepsiCo is using digital 
twins to improve the efficiency and 
sustainability of its more than 600 
distribution centers. Amazon is using 
digital twins to optimize the design and 
flow of its warehouses and train more 
intelligent robotic solutions.
The Omniverse ecosystem has expanded 
quickly in its first year. More than 80 
software tools connect to Omniverse, 
across design and rendering, robotics, 
digital twin, and industrial automation 
ecosystems. Omniverse has been 
downloaded 150,000 times by individual 
creators and evaluated by over 700 
companies. And now, Omniverse Cloud 
adds a one-click capability to reach tens 
of millions of designers, creators, 
roboticists, and AI researchers.
Nearly 30 years of NVIDIA graphics, 
physics, simulation, AI, and computing 
expertise made Omniverse possible. 
We now have the engine for the next 
wave of AI. 
 

--- Page 17 ---
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS—AI 
AUTOMATES THE WORLD
Today's AI centers on perception and 
pattern recognition. AI can recognize an 
image, understand speech, suggest a 
song, or recommend an item to buy.
A new wave of AI is dawning in which 
robots perceive the environment, reason 
about where they are, where they need to 
go and what they need to do, and then 
develop a plan to do it.
Robots will take many forms, physical 
and digital. Some will stock shelves in 
warehouses or build cars. Others will be 
medical instruments that integrate 
real-time sensor data and assist with 
medical procedures. Self-driving cars 
are robotic vehicles with digital robots 
inside, riding along with us, helping with 
driving and navigation tasks.
NVIDIA Isaac is our platform for 
industrial robots. More than 700 
customers and partners use Isaac to 
develop robots for e-commerce 
fulfillment, retail automation, cleaning, 
and last-mile delivery.
NVIDIA Clara Holoscan is for 
AI-powered medical systems—an 
open, programmable platform built to 
medical-grade specification for 
next-generation robotic imaging and 
surgical instruments. 
Extreme Weather
NVIDIA DRIVE is for autonomous vehicles 
—a full-stack open platform for AV 
development. The automotive industry is 
enormous, with 100 million cars sold 
each year and an installed base of over a 
billion vehicles. With an $11 billion 
design win pipeline over the next six 
years, Auto has several upcoming 
inflection points that we believe will 
create the next multibillion-dollar 
business for NVIDIA.
The NVIDIA Orin robotics computer 
powers Isaac, Holoscan, and DRIVE. Orin 
is in production and already powering 25 
electric vehicle makers building 
autonomous vehicles.
The NVIDIA DRIVE AV computer and 
software will power Mercedes-Benz's 
new fleet in 2024. And beginning in 2025, 
all new Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles 
will be powered by NVIDIA DRIVE AV.
THE POWER OF A MILLION-X TO 
BATTLE CLIMATE CHANGE
We are living in a transformational time 
in the field of computer science. Our 
invention of the GPU and CUDA 
democratized scientific computing. 
NVIDIA AI computing scaled across a 
data center can solve scientific 
challenges a million-x more in speed and 
scale, opening the door to tackle some of 
the world's grandest challenges, like 
drug discovery and climate science.
We announced last year our Earth-2 
initiative—a digital twin of our planet. 
Earth-2 will be a simulation system to 
predict the complex multi-physics of 
Earth's atmosphere, land, sea, and ice 
caps at sufficiently high resolution to 
predict regional impacts of human 
actions over decades. 

--- Page 18 ---
I want to thank NVIDIA developers, 
partners, customers, and families for 
the amazing work you do. Exciting new 
frontiers lie ahead. Let's seek them 
out together.
Jensen Huang 
CEO and Founder, NVIDIA 
April 2022
Earth-2 Simulation
Earth-2 will require the invention of new 
chips, supercomputers, and AI 
algorithms that can predict climate 
physics millions to billions times faster 
than today. 
Earth-2's implications for science and 
society can be massive. And there is 
early evidence we can succeed. 
Researchers at NVIDIA and universities 
Berkeley, Caltech, Michigan, Purdue, 
and Rice have developed a weather 
forecasting AI model called FourCastNet 
that can predict weather events such as 
hurricanes, atmospheric rivers, and 
extreme rain up to 45,000x faster. What 
previously took a classical numerical 
simulation a year to complete now takes 
just minutes.
Collaborating with climate scientists 
worldwide, we hope to create a system 
that lets researchers simulate climate 
change while providing a platform to 
predict the impact of mitigation and 
adaptation strategies. 
Earth-2 will pull together the brightest 
minds to tackle one of humanity's 
greatest threats. 
LOOKING AHEAD
We had a fantastic year, but nothing 
makes me prouder than the incredible 
people who have made NVIDIA the 
company it is today. We want our 
company to be where they can do their 
life's work, so it's a true honor that we 
were ranked No. 1 on Glassdoor's Best 
Places to Work list for large U.S. 
companies. Employees alone drive this 
ranking, and I am so grateful. 
Our employees support the communities 
in which they work and live. They joined 
the company in contributing more than 
$22 million to charitable causes in fiscal 
year 2022. 
Together, we drove advances this 
year in AI, HPC, gaming, creative 
design, autonomous vehicles, and 
robotics—some of the world's most 
impactful areas. 
We enter the upcoming year with strong 
momentum. Demand for our products is 
exceptional. We made substantial strides 
in diversifying and expanding our supply 
base. Our execution has never been 
better. And we go into this year with the 
largest wave of new products in 
our history.

--- Page 19 ---
NVIDIA CORPORATION 
NOTICE OF 2022 ANNUAL MEETING 
PROXY STATEMENT AND FORM 10-K 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain  statements  in  this  document  including,  but  not  limited  to,  statements  as  to:  the  impact,  benefits,  abilities,  features,  performance,  and 
availability of our products and technologies, including NVIDIA RTX, NVIDIA GeForce 30 Series GPUs, GeForce NOW, the Hopper GPU, the Grace 
CPU Superchip, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA Maxine, NVIDIA Isaac, NVIDIA DRIVE, NVIDIA Jetson, NVIDIA SDKs, CUDA libraries, cuQuantum, NVIDIA 
cuOpt, NVIDIA HPC, NVIDIA AI, NVIDIA DGX systems, Tensor Core GPUs, NVIDIA H100, NVIDIA Spectrum-4, Quantum, NVLink, DOCA networking, 
Omniverse Cloud, NVIDIA Clara Holoscan, NVIDIA Orin, NVIDIA DRIVE AV, and Earth-2; NVIDIA taking on tough problems and shaping the world for 
the  better;  the  unique  contribution  of  NVIDIA;  companies  processing  mountains  of  data  to  train  and  refine  AI  models;  data  centers  essentially 
becoming AI factories; the impact of AI on the world; the next phase of the internet being 3D; everything that moves someday being an autonomous 
machine; the continued expansion of NVDIA accelerated computing; the next wave of AI; our collaborations with third parties; our customers; the 
line  between  computer  graphics  and  reality,  and  therefore  the  digital  and  physical  worlds,  becoming  increasingly  blurred;  digital  twins  being 
essential to designing and operating future software-defined plants; the expansion of the Omniverse ecosystem; robots taking on many forms; our 
design  win  pipeline;  NVIDIA  AI  computing  opening  the  door  to  tackle  the  world's  grandest  challenges;  the  impact  of  mitigation  and  adaption 
strategies on climate change; our momentum for the upcoming year; our growth drivers and opportunities; and our market position and strategies 
are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. 
Important  factors  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ  materially  include:  global  economic  conditions;  our  reliance  on  third  parties  to 
manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products 
and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, 
manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss 
of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent 
reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly 
reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. 
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, 
NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 20 ---
NOTICE OF 2022 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and 
time:
Thursday, June 2, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVDA2022
Items of 
business:
• Election of thirteen directors nominated by the Board of Directors
• Advisory approval of our executive compensation
• Ratification  of  the  selection  of  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP  as  our  independent  registered  public 
accounting firm for fiscal year 2023
• Approval of an amendment to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of 
authorized shares of common stock from 4 billion to 8 billion shares
• Approval  of  an  amendment  and  restatement  of  our  Amended  and  Restated  2007  Equity  Incentive 
Plan
• Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
Record date: You  can  attend  and  vote  at  the  annual  meeting  if  you  were  a  stockholder  of  record  at  the  close  of 
business on April 4, 2022.
Stockholder 
list:
A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the close of business on the April 4, 2022 record date will be 
available  during 
the  annual  meeting  at  www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVDA2022  and 
electronically  for  10  days  prior  to  the  annual  meeting  to  registered  stockholders  for  any  legally  valid 
purpose  related  to  the  annual  meeting.    For  access  to  the  stockholder  list,  please  contact  us  at 
shareholdermeeting@nvidia.com.
Virtual 
meeting 
admission:
We will be holding our annual meeting virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVDA2022.  To 
participate  in  the  annual  meeting,  you  will  need  the  control  number  included  on  your  notice  of  proxy 
materials or printed proxy card.
Pre-meeting 
forum:
To communicate with our stockholders in connection with the annual meeting, we have established a 
pre-meeting forum located at www.proxyvote.com where you can submit advance questions. 
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES.  
As  an  alternative  to  voting  during  the  virtual  annual  meeting,  you  may  vote  in  advance  online,  by  telephone  or,  if  you 
have elected to receive a paper proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on 
June 2, 2022.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our Annual Review are available 
at www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051
April 19, 2022
