
--- Page 12 ---
DEAR NVIDIANS AND STAKEHOLDERS,
A ONE-OF-A-KIND COMPANY 
—AN EXTRAORDINARY YEAR
NVIDIA is dedicated to creating products that are 
loved by the most demanding computer users in 
the world—gamers, designers, and scientists. Our 
company is united by a core belief that excellence 
and mastery of our craft is the source of power 
that lets us tackle challenges that matter to the 
world. We aspire to build one of the world’s great 
companies, respected and admired for the amazing 
work we do and the impact we make.
NVIDIA is the pioneer of GPU-accelerated computing. 
Our strategy is to leverage our deep expertise and 
significant scale to serve markets where our specialty 
is greatly valued. The problems we tackle require a 
tight integration of processor, software, algorithms, 
system architecture, and deep domain expertise. 
We have chosen to serve several important and 
sustainable markets—Gaming, Professional 
Visualization, Data Center, and Automotive.

--- Page 13 ---
$5.01B
RECORD REVENUE
56.1%
RECORD GROSS MARGINS
CAPITAL MARKET LABORATORIES
THE CROWN JEWEL 
OF TECHNOLOGY JUST 
CRUSHED ITS EARNINGS.
The success of our strategy is clear in 
a new computing model and our specialty 
We exited the mobile market this 
our financial results. Revenue was up 
of GPU-accelerated computing has 
year and stopped building modems. 
7 percent to reach a record $5.01 billion 
quickly become the standard. Every 
We were one of the first entrants to 
and gross margins expanded by 60 basis 
deep learning framework—including 
mobile computing. We saw the mobile 
points to a record 56.1 percent.
Facebook’s Torch, Google’s TensorFlow, 
device becoming our most personal 
IBM’s Watson, and Microsoft’s CNTK—
computers—always connected, and 
Our strategy has propelled us to strong 
runs on our GPU platform. We’re working 
eventually replacing music players, 
positions in our focused markets:
with more than 3,400 companies across 
GPS devices, cameras, readers, portable 
industries. And we’re engaged in deep 
game consoles, and even some PCs. 
NVIDIA GeForce is the #1 PC gaming 
learning in every function and at every 
Our vision was right, but the mobile 
platform: NVIDIA Maxwell, our 
level of our company.
breakthrough GPU architecture, gives us 
business is not for us. NVIDIA is not 
in the commodity chip business that 
a powerful foundation on which to build. 
NVIDIA DRIVE PX takes the pole position 
the smartphone market has become. 
GeForce Experience, an application that 
in the race to self-driving cars: A very 
We are in the specialized-computing 
optimizes games, now boasts 77 million 
promising application of GPU-powered 
business, where computing challenges 
users. And GeForce GTX graphics cards 
deep learning, the self-driving car is 
are near infinite and our deep expertise 
continued to gain share. Revenue in our 
the most important development in 
advances the field.
gaming market grew by a remarkable 
transportation in our lifetime. More 
37 percent this year to hit $2.8 billion. 
than 70 companies are working with 
Our mobile experience was far from 
DRIVE PX—our scalable, programmable 
a bust. The future of computing is 
platform is off to a great start. 
constrained by energy. The technology, 
NVIDIA Quadro is the #1 design 
platform: Digital artists in all fields 
methodologies, and design culture of 
energy efficiency have allowed us to 
prefer Quadro and our market share 
The year was not without its 
held at 78 percent. For the eighth year 
disappointments. The ITC ruled that 
build the world’s most efficient GPU 
running, all films nominated in the 
Samsung did not infringe the patents 
architecture, which fuels every one of 
Academy Awards Best Visual Effects 
we asserted. We wholeheartedly 
our businesses. And the great design 
category were made with NVIDIA 
disagree. Making fundamental inventions 
teams we built are now focused on 
technology. Our Iray technologies 
and doing pioneering work are hard 
inventing amazing products—the DRIVE 
for physically based rendering are 
and costly. We believe that it’s wrong 
PX self-driving car computer, the Jetson 
revolutionizing the design process and 
for others to use our hard-earned 
AI-powered embedded computer for 
will strengthen our leadership position.
inventions without proper compensation. 
autonomous machines, and the SHIELD 
NVIDIA Tesla is the #1 accelerated 
are many dynamics in a lawsuit that 
future of television and gaming.
This experience is a reminder that there 
Android TV console that is creating the 
computing platform: It has 
are unpredictable and that being right 
turbocharged the deep learning 
is not always enough.
revolution. Deep learning requires 

--- Page 14 ---
GIVING BACK TO 
OUR COMMUNITIES
ACCELERATING 
WHAT MATTERS
Our people share a strong sense of 
Compute the Cure includes a grant 
NVIDIA has built a culture that strives 
corporate responsibility and a passion 
this year to the University of Toronto 
for excellence in everything we do. 
for contributing to their communities.
for its work applying deep learning 
This attitude pervades our company. 
to cancer diagnostics. Other grants 
Exceptional mastery of our craft gives 
NVIDIA features prominently in lists 
this year promoted patient care, funded 
us the ability to do important work that 
of America’s most socially responsible 
a children’s oncology hospital in India, 
can shape the world. Our company 
companies, such as the Dow Jones 
and furthered a breast-cancer prevention 
is agile—teams across the globe 
Sustainability Index, the Carbon 
effort in Togo.
Disclosure Project, and Newsweek’s 
collaborate without organizational 
boundaries, with the singular focus 
Green Rankings.
An annual tradition across our offices 
of doing great work.
is Project Inspire, which brings together 
Our philanthropic giving this year 
our people and their families to enhance 
exceeded $5 million. We awarded 
their local communities, often focusing 
our second annual $150,000 Global 
on education. In Santa Clara, 1,500 of 
Impact Award, recognizing the use of 
us transformed two local schools, our 
GPUs to address social, humanitarian, 
latest effort in an underserved district 
and environmental problems. The 
where we have directly impacted nearly 
winner, from among more than two 
one-third of the students in recent 
dozen submissions, was a team from 
years. In Pune, India, several hundred 
Duke University for its work enabling 
employees assisted a village school. 
eye surgeons to interact in real time 
In Munich, we refurbished an outdoor 
Our culture is our greatest achievement. 
with live volumetric visualizations of 
youth camp.
their operations.
It’s allowed us to stay ahead and vibrant 
in one of the world’s most competitive 
Over the course of the year, employees 
industries. Today, it’s put us right in 
Our philanthropic efforts are driven 
contributed some 17,000 volunteer 
the middle of the grand challenges 
by the NVIDIA Foundation, which has 
hours. Many chose to support education 
of our time—virtual reality, artificial 
its priorities set by our employees. 
programs and activities that, in total, 
intelligence, and self-driving cars.
Its flagship program, Compute the 
benefited more than 64,000 children. 
Cure, supports innovative computing 
This reflects the spirit of our employees, 
These problems demand our special 
techniques to fight cancer. The more 
benefiting the less fortunate and bringing 
talent and deep expertise in accelerated 
than $2 million we have invested in 
us closer together as a team.
computing. Our amazing people are 
inspired to take them on. And when we 
do, we expect VR, AI, and self-driving 
cars to be the most exciting growth 
drivers we’ve ever seen. Strap in for 
an incredible ride.
Jen-Hsun Huang 
CEO & Co-Founder 
NVIDIA 
April 2016

--- Page 15 ---
NVIDIA CORPORATION 
NOTICE OF 2016 ANNUAL MEETING 
PROXY STATEMENT AND FORM 10-K 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this document including, but not limited to, statements as to: the PC gaming industry continuing to grow and the drivers for 
growth; the benefits and impact of our products and technologies; our market share; the future of TV and gaming; the  impact of VR, AI, deep 
learning and self-driving cars as drivers for growth; and our strategies and position in our focused markets are forward-looking statements that 
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test 
our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our 
existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; 
changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or 
technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 31, 2016. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are 
posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and speak only as of April 7, 2016, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking 
statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 16 ---
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

--- Page 17 ---
NOTICE OF 2016 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Date and time:
Wednesday, May 18, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time
Location:
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2016
Items of business:
•  Election of twelve directors nominated by the Board of Directors
•  Approval of our executive compensation
•  Ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent 
registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2017
•  Approval of an amendment and restatement of our Amended and Restated 2007 Equity 
Incentive Plan
•  Approval of an amendment and restatement of our Amended and Restated 2012 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Transaction of other business properly brought before the meeting
You can vote at the meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close of business on
March 21, 2016.
We will be holding our annual meeting online only this year. Stockholders of record as of 
March 21, 2016 will be able to participate in the annual meeting by visiting 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NVIDIA2016.  To participate in the annual meeting, you 
will need the control number included on your notice of Internet availability of the proxy 
materials or your proxy card (if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials).
Record date:
Virtual meeting
admission:
Pre-meeting forum:
The new online format for the annual meeting also allows us to communicate more effectively 
with you via a pre-meeting forum that you can enter by visiting www.theinvestornetwork.com/
forum/nvda.  On our pre-meeting forum, you can submit questions in advance of the annual 
meeting, and also access copies of our proxy statement and annual report.
Your vote is very important.  Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES.  
As an alternative to voting online at the meeting, you may vote via the Internet, by telephone or, if you receive a paper 
proxy card in the mail, by mailing the completed proxy card.
Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held 
on May 18, 2016.  This Notice, our Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Stockholder Letter are 
available at www.nvidia.com/proxy.
By Order of the Board of Directors 
David M. Shannon
Secretary
Santa Clara, California
April 7, 2016

--- Page 18 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
DEFINITIONS
PROXY SUMMARY
PROXY STATEMENT
Information About the Meeting
Proposal 1—Election of Directors
Director Qualifications
Our Director Nominees
Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance
Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Role of the Board in Risk Oversight
Corporate Governance Policies of the Board of Directors
Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors
Nomination of Directors
Majority Vote Standard
Board Meeting Information
Committees of the Board of Directors
Director Compensation
Review of Transactions with Related Persons
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Proposal 2—Approval of Executive Compensation
Executive Compensation
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Risk Analysis of Our Compensation Plans
Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2016, 2015 and 2014
Grants of Plan-Based Awards For Fiscal Year 2016
Outstanding Equity Awards as of January 31, 2016
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2016
Employment, Severance and Change-In-Control Arrangements
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation Committee Report
Proposal 3—Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2017
Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Proposal 4—Approval of an Amendment and Restatement of our Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive
Plan
Proposal 5—Approval of an Amendment and Restatement of our Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan
Additional Information
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Other Matters
APPENDIX A—Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
APPENDIX B—Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
PAGE
1
3
7
7
11
11
13
19
19
19
19
20
22
22
22
23
23
25
28
29
32
33
33
54
55
56
58
61
62
62
63
63
64
64
66
67
68
84
91
91
91
A-1
B-1
 
 

--- Page 19 ---
1998 ESPP
2007 Plan
2012 ESPP
2015 Meeting
2016 Meeting
2017 Meeting
AC
Board
CC
CD&A
CEO
Company
Control Number
Dodd Frank Act
Exchange Act
Exequity
FASB
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Form 10-K
DEFINITIONS
NVIDIA Corporation 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Audit Committee
The Company’s Board of Directors
Compensation Committee
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Chief Executive Officer
NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation
Identification number for each stockholder included in Notice or Proxy Card
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Exequity LLP, the CC’s independent compensation consultant
Financial Accounting Standards Board
The Company’s fiscal year 2015 (January 27, 2014 to January 25, 2015)
The Company’s fiscal year 2016 (January 26, 2015 to January 31, 2016)
The Company’s fiscal year 2017 (February 1, 2016 to January 29, 2017)
The Company’s fiscal year 2018 (January 30, 2017 to January 28, 2018)
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2016 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2016
Full Value Award
An equity award other than a stock option or stock appreciation right
GAAP
Generally accepted accounting principles
Internal Revenue Code
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
Lead Director
Lead independent director
MY PSUs
NASDAQ
NCGC
NEOs
PSUs with a multi-year performance metric
The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Named Executive Officers
Non-GAAP Operating
Income
GAAP operating income adjusted for stock-based compensation, product warranty charge, acquisition-
related costs, and restructuring and other charges, as the Company reports in its earnings materials.  The
net aggregate adjustment to GAAP operating income for these items for Fiscal 2016 was $378 million
Notice
NYSE
PSUs
RSUs
S&P 500
SEC
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials
New York Stock Exchange
Performance stock units
Restricted stock units
Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Index
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Stretch Operating Plan
Maximum goal attainment under the Variable Cash Plan, SY PSUs and MY PSUs
SY PSUs
PSUs with a single-year performance metric
Target Compensation Plan Target goal attainment under the Variable Cash Plan, SY PSUs and MY PSUs
1

--- Page 20 ---
Threshold Compensation
Plan
TSR
PwC
Threshold goal attainment under the Variable Cash Plan, SY PSUs and MY PSUs
Total stockholder return
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Variable Cash Plan
The Company’s variable cash compensation plan
2
