
--- Page 3 ---
 Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2016 was a year of progress in our journey to return P&G’s results to a balance  
of top-line growth, bottom-line growth and cash generation. We increased investments 
in innovation, advertising and sales coverage to enhance our long-term prospects 
for faster, sustainable sales growth. We stabilized top-line growth rates in several 
key markets. We delivered another strong year of productivity improvement and cost 
savings. We made significant steps in our portfolio transformation — completing the 
Duracell transaction in February, negotiating and preparing for the sale of 41 beauty 
brands to Coty Inc., and streamlining the product lineups in our ongoing businesses.
We made this progress during a challenging year. We faced significant foreign 
exchange headwinds, which reduced sales growth by six percentage points and  
core earnings per share by nine percentage points. We faced slowing market 
growth, and economic and political disruptions in many large markets. We made 
choices to exit several lines of unprofitable business, which reduced organic sales 
growth. Earnings were impacted by reduced exports to Venezuela.
Despite these challenges, we delivered organic sales growth within our initial 
guidance range, and free cash flow productivity was above our initial expectations. 
Core earnings per share were at the low end of our initial guidance range due primarily 
to over half a billion dollars after-tax of incremental foreign exchange impacts that 
occurred after we had set our targets for the year. 
• All-in sales declined 8%; organic sales grew 1%
• All-in earnings per share increased 51%; core earnings per share declined 2% 
• Free cash flow was $12.1 billion, with adjusted free cash flow productivity of 115%
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
i
Letter to Shareholders  
ii
P&G’s 10 Categories 
ix
Form 10-K  
29
Measures Not Defined by U.S. GAAP  
Company and Shareholder Information   73
Global Company Leadership 
Board of Directors  
Recognition  
Citizenship 
74
75
76
Inside Back Cover
David S. Taylor
Chairman of the Board,  
President and Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 4 ---
ii • The Procter & Gamble Company
We continued to build on our strong track record of returning cash to you, our 
shareholders. We paid $7.4 billion in dividends, increasing our dividend for the 60th 
consecutive year. We reduced shares outstanding by more than $8 billion through  
a combination of share repurchases and shares that were exchanged in the Duracell 
transaction. In total, P&G delivered nearly $16 billion of value for shareholders. 
We made progress in a challenging environment, but we know we need to do better.  
We are focused on streamlining and strengthening our product portfolio, improving 
productivity and our cost structure, building the foundation for stronger top-line  
growth, and strengthening our organization and culture. These are the choices we’re 
focused on to raise the bar on P&G’s performance to consistently deliver balanced 
growth and leadership value creation. 
Streamlining Our  
Product Portfolio
We’re organizing our portfolio around 10 category-based  
business units and about 65 brands. These are categories  
where P&G has leading market positions and where product 
technologies deliver performance differences that matter  
to consumers. We’re focusing on categories where product 
performance drives purchase decisions — where there  
are clear consumer jobs to be done and objective  
measures of performance. These are products in 
financially attractive categories, which consumers 
purchase and use on a daily basis. These 10 category- 
based business units have historically grown faster  
with higher margins than the balance of the company.
Within these core categories, we are streamlining  
our product lines. For example, we are making smart 
choices to discontinue undifferentiated, unprofitable  
and commoditizing products in favor of more profitable, 
consumer-preferred and differentiated products in a number of 
markets and businesses around the world, including Mexico, India 
and Fabric Care. Combined, these choices caused about a one-point drag 
on organic sales growth in fiscal 2016 and are expected to continue to be a  
headwind in fiscal 2017.
10
P&G’s
Categories
As we complete this work, our portfolio of brands and products will be better  
positioned for stronger and more profitable growth.
Explore our brands  
and categories

--- Page 5 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company • iii
Consumers at the Center
P&G’s aspiration is to serve the world’s consumers better  
than our best competitors, in every category and every 
country where we choose to compete — creating superior 
shareholder value in the process.
We’re organizing our portfolio around 10 category-based 
business units and about 65 brands. These are categories 
where P&G has leading market positions and where  
We have  
deep consumer 
understanding  
in our categories.
P&G is a global  
leader in all  
these categories.
product technologies deliver performance differences that 
matter to consumers. 
We’re focusing on categories where product performance 
drives purchase decisions — where there are clear consumer 
jobs to be done and objective measures of performance. 
These are products in financially attractive categories,  
which consumers purchase and use on a daily basis.

--- Page 6 ---
FABRIC C ARE
Laundry Detergents, Fabric Enhancers, 
Laundry Additives
HOME C ARE
Dish Care, Air Care, Surface Care, 
P&G Professional 
GROOMING
Male Blades & Razors, Female Blades & Razors,  
Pre- and Post-Shave Products,  
Appliances, Other Shave Care
OR AL C ARE
Toothbrushes, Toothpaste, 
Other Oral Care

--- Page 7 ---
BABY C ARE
Diapers and Pants, 
Baby Wipes
FEMININE C ARE
Feminine Care,  
Adult Incontinence
FAMILY C ARE
Paper Towels, Tissues,  
Toilet Paper
PERSONAL HE ALTH C ARE
Gastrointestinal, Respiratory,  
Rapid Diagnostics, Vitamins / Minerals /
Supplements, Other Personal Health Care
HAIR C ARE
Shampoo, Conditioner, 
Styling Aids, Treatments
SKIN AND PERSONAL C ARE
Skin Care, Antiperspirant and Deodorant, 
Personal Cleansing

--- Page 8 ---
iv • The Procter & Gamble Company
Improving Productivity and Cost Structure
We continue to improve cost and cash productivity with significant upside ahead. 
Productivity is the fuel for top- and bottom-line growth. We have delivered and 
exceeded $10 billion in savings over the past five fiscal years across cost of goods  
sold, marketing spending and overhead. 
In cost of goods sold, our original target was $6 billion in savings over five years,  
from fiscal 2012 to 2016. We delivered over $7 billion, with savings at or above  
target each year. 
In marketing spending, we have delivered strong savings over the last two years in  
non-working agency fees and commercial production costs. We’ve been reinvesting 
these savings in marketing programs that improve the reach, frequency or continuity  
of our advertising, and in programs such as product sampling that generate trial  
of our superior products.
In overhead, the decision to reduce enrollment was difficult, but was made with  
careful consideration of what is best for the health of the business. Since 2011,  
we have reduced non-manufacturing roles by about 25%, which is two-and-a-half 
times the original target. Including divestitures, we’ll reduce non-manufacturing  
roles by about 35% by the end of fiscal 2017.
Productivity cost savings have been essential to offset $4 billion of negative  
foreign exchange impacts over the last four years. These savings have enabled  
us to improve constant currency gross and operating profit margins and deliver  
high-single- to double-digit constant currency core earnings per share growth  
in each of these years. 
We believe we can deliver up to an additional $10 billion in productivity 
improvements over the next five years. As with the first $10 billion, we expect  
the large majority of our savings will come from cost of goods sold. 
Supply chain transformation is in its early stages. We started in North America. 
Europe is following, and then we will move on to Latin America and India,  
Middle East and Africa. We’re in investment mode now, with savings to ramp  
up over the next two to four years. 
More opportunity exists for savings in marketing spending, particularly in non- 
working fees and production costs. We will also optimize the reach, effectiveness  
and efficiency of media spending through the right mix of TV advertising and  
digital — across search, social, video and mobile — to reach consumers when  
and where they spend their time. 
As we fully operationalize the new, focused 10-category company, there will be 
additional opportunities to increase organization efficiency, agility and speed  
of decision making.
Finally, we are working to improve the effectiveness of our promotional spending  
by changing how we use these funds to give our sales teams more flexibility to invest  
in what drives the most profitable growth. We see clear opportunities to improve  
the effectiveness of promotional spending for us and for our retail partners to grow 
categories and brands profitably.
Going forward, we expect to reinvest a significant amount of the productivity 
savings back into the business. We’ll invest more in R&D, in product and packaging 
improvements, in sales coverage, in brand awareness and in trial-building programs.  
P&G wins when we create new categories and grow categories and brands.  
These investments are aimed at delivering balanced top- and bottom-line growth.

--- Page 9 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company • v
Supply Chain Efficiency
One way we’re increasing efficiency in our U.S. supply chain  
is through our six new mixing centers. They are strategically 
located closer to customers in key population centers, putting 
80% of our U.S. business within one day of the store shelf  
and the shopper. Shipping multiple categories per load  
allows more efficient use of every truck and more frequent 
customer deliveries. This is driving lower inventory, improving 
service to retailers, and increasing product availability for 
shoppers — delivering the right mix and the right amount, 
right on time.
 80%
of P&G’s U.S. business 
within one day of 
the store shelf
multiple categories  
shipped per load
increased product  
availability for shoppers
Accelerating Top-Line Growth
Sales growth is our biggest improvement need, which is enabled by winning with 
consumers and fueled by both our productivity and portfolio strengthening efforts that 
are underway. Our objective is to consistently deliver organic sales growth ahead of 
underlying growth of the markets in which we compete. This level of top-line growth, 
balanced with consistent bottom-line growth and cash generation, is what’s needed  
to deliver leadership levels of value creation for P&G shareholders.
We’re making progress in accelerating organic sales growth. Organic sales for the  
April–June quarter were in line or higher than the previous year in 9 of 10 product 
categories. For nearly all of these businesses, the second half of the year was stronger 
than the first half. Organic sales for the company were essentially flat in the first half  
of the fiscal year and were up 1.5% in the second half — moving in the right direction,  
but there’s more work to be done. 

--- Page 10 ---
vi • The Procter & Gamble Company
Everything starts with winning with consumers and shoppers. 
We must win with consumers and shoppers at the zero, first and second moments of 
truth — when consumers become aware of our categories and brands, purchase them in 
a store or online, and use them in their homes. Winning these moments requires insights 
that lead to superior-performing product innovations, effective advertising and strong 
retail programs. The outcome is growing the number of users — and usage — of our 
brands and the categories in which we compete. 
Growing users requires product superiority, broad media reach, advertising effectiveness, 
distinctive packaging, an easy-to-shop store shelf, sampling programs and consumer 
value. We’re raising the bar by asking key questions: Is the product better performing 
and most preferred by consumers? Do we have the media reach and effective advertising 
to ensure our brands are always top of mind? Is the packaging distinctive, familiar and 
appealing? Is the store shelf organized in a way that is easy to shop, enabling consumers 
to find the right product for them with the right benefits at the right price? Do we have 
sampling programs that allow people to try our best products, particularly at  
the point of market entry? Is the relative price and absolute cash outlay  
to purchase our brands a good consumer value? Every category and 
brand is focused on consistently delivering these drivers of growing  
users to grow category and brand sales. 
At the same time, we’re strengthening our go-to-market 
execution. Execution is what our consumers and shoppers  
experience when they are in the store or online. Our  
brands need to have the right selection of products,  
in the right sizes, at the right value, in the right quantity, 
and in the right points of sale to win with consumers  
and shoppers in stores and online every day. 
Innovating to Delight Consumers
PANTENE
TIDE
Pantene’s new breakthrough conditioner 
technology delivers ‘superior conditioning 
without weight,’ addressing a significant 
consumer trial barrier in the category.  
Our Pantene shampoo and conditioner 
systems are consumer blind test winners  
vs. our best competition in North America, 
China and Japan. And they are helping  
drive results — Pantene’s U.S. organic  
sales were up mid-single digits for the  
six months ended in June 2016.
Tide is now reaching more consumers and 
addressing two growing consumer needs: 
natural detergents and odor removal.  
Tide purclean is a breakthrough as the  
first bio-based detergent with the cleaning 
power of Tide. And with the growth of 
synthetic fibers and active lifestyles, odors 
are an increasing laundry concern. Using 
our Febreze technology, the Odor Defense 
regimen helps eliminate, neutralize and  
block tough odors. 
Superior-performing 
products lead to a 
delightful consumer 
experience, driving 
repeat purchase  
and loyalty.

--- Page 11 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company • vii
Growing Users for  
a Stronger Top Line
Growing users is a key driver of balanced growth and value 
creation. Two of the ways we grow users of P&G brands are 
to offer superior-performing products to consumers and to 
increase consumer trial through sampling, particularly at  
the point of market entry.
Sampling  
is a winning  
strategy for growth. 
When people try our 
products, they are far 
more likely to buy them.
Increasing Consumer Trial
swaddlers™
Love at   
   first touch
Love the
*based on sales of the newborn hospital diaper
©2016 P&G
PAMPERS
GILLET TE
We’re strengthening brand awareness and 
trial at category entry. 70% of U.S. new 
moms now receive samples of our best 
Pampers products through our prenatal  
and hospital programs. Our latest innovation 
has our unique three Extra Absorb Channels 
that help distribute wetness evenly — unlike 
ordinary diapers that have one unstructured 
core. It’s driving growth, with Swaddlers  
and Cruisers U.S. share up well over one 
point in the June 2016 quarter.
Our U.S. 18th birthday sampling program 
has put Gillette Fusion ProGlide FlexBall 
razors in the hands of nearly 80% of young 
men — over two million in 2016, up 33% over 
the past two years. We’re now sampling the 
FlexBall handle and ProShield cartridge — our 
most advanced combination of technologies. 
ProShield launched in January and is the 
#1 razor in the U.S., the U.K. and Germany, 
based on sales. Over 40 million men globally 
are now shaving with FlexBall. 

--- Page 12 ---
viii • The Procter & Gamble Company
Strengthening Organization and Culture
Our choices — portfolio transformation, continued productivity improvement, and 
reaccelerating top-line growth — are enabled by a winning organization and culture. 
We are adjusting our talent development and assignment planning to improve mastery 
and depth. The objective is simple. We will improve business results by getting and 
keeping the right people in the right roles to develop and apply deep category mastery. 
For example, we’re dedicating sales resources to categories, enabling them to apply  
their mastery to drive category growth. 
We’re aligning incentives at a lower and more specific level of granularity to better  
match business responsibilities with results and to increase accountability.
P&G is fortunate to consistently source and develop strong talent, and we intend to 
maintain our develop-from-within approach. But there are times when the best talent  
for a role may not be inside our organization. Going forward, we will look selectively  
at outside hiring when we need it to field the best team possible. 
The bottom line is that we are committed to getting, keeping and growing the  
right people in the right places to drive better business results.
A winning organization is supported by a winning culture. P&G has a great  
culture — one of integrity, trust, ownership, leadership and a passion for winning.  
But we are strengthening our culture, putting increased emphasis on behaviors  
that lead to faster decision making and action, and taking personal accountability  
to raise the bar to deliver our best performance.
I deeply believe in P&G people. I’ve had the opportunity to work in multiple  
functions, countries and businesses, and have experienced the quality and capability  
of P&G people around the world. P&G people are truly our most valuable asset.  
Together, we will return P&G to balanced growth and value creation. 
Winning Consistently
We are encouraged and optimistic as we enter fiscal 2017. We expect this year to 
represent another step toward our goal of balanced top- and bottom-line growth  
and cash generation. We’re committed to continued productivity improvement  
and cost savings that provide the fuel for innovation and investments needed  
to accelerate and sustain faster top- and bottom-line growth. We’re nearing the  
completion of the major portfolio moves to simplify and strengthen the category 
portfolio. We are strengthening the organization and culture.
P&G is adapting, evolving and changing to do what is needed to win. We’re making 
progress in each of these areas, but we know our success will ultimately be graded on 
the sales, profit, cash and value creation results we deliver, not on the activities that  
get us there. We expect to make meaningful progress in fiscal 2017 toward our return 
to our long-term growth targets, but there is still work to do. It will take time for the 
benefits of the work and the investments we are making to be fully visible in our results.
We are committed to do everything we can to get P&G back to winning with consumers, 
and delivering consistent, reliable, balanced and sustainable growth and value creation 
for you, our shareholders.
David S. Taylor
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
