
--- Page 3 ---
Dear Shareholders,
P&G’s Purpose–to touch and  
improve lives, now and for generations 
to come–is inspiring and pervasive.  
Our Purpose is tightly and deliberately 
linked to our business and financial 
goals: P&G’s Purpose inspires our 
strategic choices; it leads us to bigger 
and better innovation; it drives brilliant 
execution; and it compels us to make 
a difference in areas such as 
sustainability and social responsibility 
not merely to be a good citizen, but 
more importantly, to create future 
opportunities to touch and improve 
lives–and, in so doing, to keep our 
Company growing.
Robert A. McDonald
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 4 ---
2   The Procter & Gamble Company
Last year, we updated P&G’s growth strategy to connect  
it explicitly to our Company’s Purpose. We focused on three 
specific choices: to grow P&G’s core brands and categories 
with an unrelenting focus on innovation; to build our 
business with unserved and underserved consumers; and  
to continue to grow and develop faster-growing, higher-
margin businesses with global leadership potential. 
These strategic choices are unified by one simple, over-
arching growth strategy: to touch and improve the lives  
of MORE CONSUMERS in MORE PARTS OF THE WORLD, MORE 
COMPLETELY. We’ve made this the centerpiece of our 
leadership agenda because we believe a Purpose-inspired 
growth strategy is intrinsically rewarding and motivating.  
It unleashes creativity, commitment and peak performance  
in P&G people. It attracts talent and partners. It builds 
goodwill with external stakeholders.
  We are executing across all three dimensions of this 
growth strategy on all of our businesses around the world. 
The Company’s performance in the 2010 fiscal year, and the 
strength with which we have entered the 2011 fiscal year, 
demonstrate that our Purpose-inspired growth strategy  
is working.
Substantial Progress toward Growth Goals
We also renewed our growth goals last year. Our fundamental 
objective is the creation of value for shareholders at industry 
leadership levels on a consistent basis. More specifically,  
our goal is to deliver total shareholder return that consistently 
ranks P&G among the top-third of our peers—the best 
performing consumer products companies in the world.  
In addition, we measure our progress through a combination 
of consumer and financial goals. We made substantial 
progress in fiscal 2010:
•  Organic sales grew 3%, in line with Company expectations.(1)
•  Core earnings per share grew 6%, roughly double our 
going-in objective for the year.(2)
•  Adjusted free cash flow was 125% of net earnings, 
well above our target level.(3)
We also made substantial progress toward profitable share 
growth, a key priority. A year ago, our global market share 
was down about half a point versus prior-year levels; today,  
as I write this, our global market share is up nearly half a point 
and accelerating. Last year, we were building market share 
in businesses accounting for only about 33% of sales; today,  
we are building share in brands and countries accounting  
for about 66% of sales and P&G’s market share is growing in 
14 of our top 17 countries. 
In addition, we reached an additional 200 million 
consumers, bringing the total served to 4.2 billion—on track 
toward our goal of reaching 5 billion consumers by fiscal 
2015. Average per capita spending on P&G products increased 
in 70% of our top countries, up from 60% in fiscal 2009. And, 
global household penetration—the percentage of households 
using at least one P&G product—increased nearly two 
percentage points, to 61%.
On the strength of these results, we paid approximately 
$5.5 billion in dividends and returned $6 billion to 
shareholders through the repurchase of P&G stock. Based  
on our current market capitalization, dividends and share 
repurchases provide shareholders with an effective cash  
yield of more than 6%, with additional potential for capital 
appreciation. 
In April, we increased our quarterly dividend by 9.5%, 
making this the 120th consecutive year that P&G has paid a 
dividend and the 54th consecutive year that the dividend has 
increased. Over those 54 years, the dividend has increased at 
an annual compound average rate of approximately 9.5%.
Purpose-inspired Growth Strategy: Our path forward
ORGANIC SALES GROWTH (1)
CORE EPS GROWTH (2)
FY 2010
3%
6%
ANNUAL GROWTH TARGETS
1-2% above global market growth rates
High single to low double digits
ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW (3)
125% of net earnings
90% of net earnings
(1)  Organic sales growth is sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange 
from year-over-year comparisons. See page 49 for a reconciliation of organic sales growth to net sales growth.
(2)  Core EPS is a measure of the Company’s diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations excluding 
charges for potential competition law fines, a charge related to a tax provision for retiree healthcare subsidy 
payments in the recently enacted U.S. healthcare reform legislation and incremental Corporate restructuring 
charges incurred in fiscal 2009 versus 2008 to offset the dilutive impact of the Folgers divestiture. See page 50 
for a reconciliation of Core EPS to diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations.
(3)  Adjusted free cash flow productivity is defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding 
the gains on the divestiture of the global pharmaceuticals business. For 2010, adjusted free cash flow of 
$13,985 million is operating cash flow of $16,072 million less capital spending of $3,067 million plus the tax 
payments made on the gains from the global pharmaceuticals divestitures of $980 million. Adjusted free cash 
flow productivity of 125% is adjusted free cash flow of $13,985 million divided by net earnings of $12,736 
million less gains of $1,585 million from the global pharmaceuticals divestitures.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 5 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company	  3
This is encouraging performance, inspired by the 
Purpose that motivates our people and partners and driven 
primarily by our strong, multiyear innovation program. We 
are innovating to win in every P&G category, we are investing 
behind these innovations to build profitable market share  
and we are continually increasing productivity that funds our 
investments in future growth. This investment allows us to 
continually replenish our multiyear innovation pipeline.
Innovating to Win
Innovation has been—and will continue to be—at the heart 
of our success. In fiscal 2010, for the fourth consecutive year, 
we invested nearly $2 billion in Research & Development. In 
fact, we invest about 50% more than our closest competitor 
and more than most of our closest competitors combined. 
This leadership level of investment is multiplied by our global 
network of external innovation partners, which leads to an 
effective investment in innovation that far exceeds the 
reported spending.
One measure of the strength of our innovation program 
is the SymphonyIRI Group New Product Pacesetters report—
the annual list of the biggest innovations in our industry as 
measured by sales. Over the past 15 years, 125 P&G 
innovations have earned a spot on the Top 25 Pacesetters 
list—more than our six largest competitors combined.
Based on this track record, SymphonyIRI recognized 
P&G as the most innovative manufacturer in the consumer 
packaged goods industry for the last decade—presenting 
the Company with its “Outstanding Achievement in 
Innovation” award. In 2009, P&G launched 5 of the top  
10 most successful non-food innovations as judged by 
SymphonyIRI: Tide Total Care, Gillette Venus Embrace, 
Bounty Extra Soft, Always Infinity and Secret Flawless.  
Our innovation program is guided by the Company's  
Purpose-inspired growth strategy:
•  We are touching and improving MORECONSUMERS’ 
lives by innovating and expanding vertically, up and down 
value tiers.
•  We are touching and improving lives in MOREPARTSOF
THEWORLD by innovating and expanding geographically, 
into new white spaces where we haven’t been competing.
•  We are touching and improving consumers’ lives MORE
COMPLETELY by innovating to improve existing products, 
by creating or entering adjacent categories and by driving 
regimen use that broadens our product portfolios.
We have a strong multiyear pipeline that will continue to 
drive growth in the future. The impact of this innovation 
program is already evident. We have featured six examples  
in the editorial section that follows this letter, but I want to 
share perspective here as well to give you a sense of both 
the strength and breadth of innovation coming from P&G.  
I’ll highlight just three representative businesses to illustrate.
Male Grooming
Fusion has now grown share for 18 consecutive quarters,  
and we recently launched Gillette Fusion ProGlide. Consumer 
testing shows that men prefer the Fusion ProGlide family at  
a ratio of up to 2-to-1 over Gillette Fusion. In the middle  
tier, we recently launched a new Mach3 razor specifically 
designed to better meet the needs of emerging-market 
consumers. As a result, Mach3 shares are at record levels in 
Argentina, Brazil and India.
In February, we launched a complete line of Gillette 
male grooming solutions in Brazil, and are now expanding  
in several Latin American countries. In March, we introduced  
a scientific face care regimen under the Gillette name in 
China. In June, we introduced Gillette Fusion ProSeries in 
North America.
#1most innovative
P&G launched 5 of the top 10 most successful new non-food  
products in 2009, according to SymphonyIRI Group.
SymphonyIRI Group recognized P&G as the most innovative 
manufacturer in the consumer packaged goods industry for the last 
decade with its “Outstanding Achievement in Innovation” award.
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 6 ---
4	  The Procter & Gamble Company
Fabric Care
Looking Ahead
We’re expanding our portfolio horizontally with Tide Stain 
Release and Ariel Professional in laundry additives, and 
Bounce Dryer Bar in the fabric enhancer category. We are 
also expanding vertically and into geographic white space.  
In Western Europe, we are innovating in the premium tier 
with Ariel Excel Gel, a new-to-the-world gel that is consumer 
preferred by a margin of 2 to 1. In Japan, our newest laundry 
brand, Sarasa, is priced at a 15% premium versus the 
category average and is designed for consumers who want  
a laundry detergent that cleans well, but also provides 
natural and gentle benefits. 
  We introduced Ace in Colombia during the September 
quarter and Tide Naturals in India during the December 
quarter. Tide Naturals is priced 30% lower than regular  
Tide, enabling us to reach a much broader spectrum of 
Indian households. Ace is a mid-tier laundry brand that 
complements Ariel’s stain removal equity and Bold’s softness 
equity. Ace has become P&G’s 23rd billion-dollar brand. 
Oral Care
Oral-B toothpaste and toothbrush shares in Brazil continue  
to exceed expectations. Based on our in-market success, we 
have initiated the second wave of our toothpaste expansion 
plan which will take us beyond the pharmacy channel.  
The Oral-B toothpaste launch in Belgium and the 
Netherlands is also going well—with Oral-B toothpaste 
approaching double-digit shares and driving P&G to overall 
Oral Care market share leadership in both countries since 
being launched in February 2009.
Crest Pro-Health is off to a strong start in China, helping 
to drive Oral Care shipments in China up high single digits in 
the final quarter of the fiscal year. The Crest Pro-Health 
formula is being expanded to other markets around the 
world, as well. 
In March, we launched Crest 3D White in North America. 
3D White is a new regimen comprised of toothpaste, brush, 
rinse and Professional Effects whitestrips that work in 
combination to clean, whiten and protect teeth while 
providing health benefits expected from Crest and Oral-B.
Many of our most significant innovations just launched in 
North America between March and June 2010. They will 
have a much bigger impact on fiscal 2011 than they had this 
past year as we continue to leverage them in North America 
and to expand them to additional markets. And, of course, 
we will bring new innovations to market. More specifically:
•  Pampers with Dry Max will expand across Western Europe 
this year. 
•  Gillette Fusion ProGlide will roll out to more than 
40 countries over the next two years. 
•  The new Pantene formulations will expand globally over 
the next two years. 
•  We are aggressively working to merge the product 
innovation and geographic expansion plans of Ambi Pur 
with the Febreze franchise, following the close of the  
Ambi Pur acquisition in early July. Our air care business 
now spans 84 countries.
•  Oral Care is introducing a new Crest Clinical line of 
products to treat two of the most common oral care 
problems: gingivitis and tooth sensitivity. The Crest Clinical 
Sensitivity toothpaste provides the maximum strength 
available over the counter. Crest Clinical will start shipping 
in North America in August.
In total, P&G competes in 38 product categories globally, but 
we are not present in all these categories in all of our priority 
markets. For example, as a total Company, we compete in 
less than 50% of potential country/category combinations in 
our top 50 markets. This presents a tremendous growth 
opportunity. Our objective is to fill out our product portfolio 
in every category and then expand to the most relevant 
geographic markets. This objective is driving clear, strategic 
choices about where to innovate and expand to ensure our 
total-Company lineup is reaching more consumers in more 
parts of the world, more completely. 
There are examples in every P&G category. I cite these 
few just to provide perspective on the strength and breadth 
of our innovation program. We currently have the strongest 
multiyear innovation program I’ve seen in my 30-year career 
at P&G. And as strong as the program has been during this 
past fiscal year, we are equally pleased with the quality of our 
pipeline going forward. It’s full of innovations that are sure to 
touch and improve the lives of consumers for years to come.
120 years
$11.5 billion
P&G has paid a dividend for 120 consecutive years—and 2010 
marked the 54th consecutive year of dividend increases. 
The amount we returned to P&G shareholders in 2010  
in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
 
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
Investing to Grow, Changing to Lead
We are supporting our innovation program with strong  
levels of marketing investment. We delivered a 20% increase 
in consumer impressions—the number of times consumers 
hear about our brands and new products—this fiscal year, 
with most of the increase in the second half of the fiscal  
year behind many of the innovations I just described.  
This investment is critical. Decades of experience have 
demonstrated that making people aware of our innovation 
and motivating them to try our new products is the key to 
long-term success. When people experience the innovation 
we bring to market, they are frequently delighted, which in 
turn drives repurchase and sustainable share growth. This  
is the foundation of brand building, and P&G is committed 
to investing sufficiently and consistently to support 
innovation and build brands that thrive for decades.
One of the most important ways we fuel investments  
in innovation and brand building is through cost savings and 
productivity improvements. P&G is very disciplined about 
cash management and cost reduction. We are strengthening 
this discipline with a culture that continually simplifies the 
way we work and increases productivity.
Simplification is a significant opportunity for us, 
particularly given the breadth of our business and brand 
portfolios. For example, we have more than 16,000 product 
formulas and use more than 4,000 colors in our product 
labels and plastic packaging. Over the next two years, we 
expect to reduce the number of formulas and package 
specifications by 30% and to reduce the number of colors 
we use by 50–75%. Color simplification alone has the 
potential to generate up to $50 million in annual savings.  
We have simplification projects underway throughout the 
Company, led by line management and managed with the 
same discipline and integration that we use for global 
product launches. This will remain an ongoing priority for us.
Another good example of how we’re becoming more 
productive is the “digitization” of P&G. With digitization, our 
goal is to standardize, automate and integrate systems and 
data so we can create a real-time operating and decision-
making environment. We want P&G to be the most 
technology-enabled company in the world. 
  We are targeting a 20–25% reduction in some spending  
areas and we are looking for a sevenfold increase in  
real-time data. By getting the right data to the right decision 
makers at the right time, we can become increasingly 
efficient and productive.
$2 billion
The approximate amount P&G invests in innovation each year.
The Procter & Gamble Company   5
A good illustration is logistics. We are digitizing our 
Transportation Management systems, including what we call 
our “Control Tower.” Think of this as an “air traffic control 
system” for ground transportation. The real-time information 
this system provides allows us to coordinate scheduling  
and truck movement for all inbound and outbound 
transportation. So far, we’re on track to reduce the number 
of “deadhead legs”—or, empty truck shipments—by more 
than 15%. We currently have control tower approaches  
in place covering about one-quarter of our business in both 
developing and developed markets. We think increasing  
the capacity utilization of trucks can save more than  
$200 million annually.
Another way we are increasing productivity is by turning  
the Company’s size into scale and our scale into growth. To 
do this, we are increasingly competing as one Company. Our 
individual categories, brands, countries and functions are all 
critical and each has unique value to add. But at the total-
Company level, we can create scale advantages by allocating 
resources more strategically and efficiently than any individual 
business can do on its own. The combination of the 
individual components is greater together as one Company 
than the sum of the parts—and we are focused on 
maximizing this total value.
  We are working across our businesses and markets to 
leverage P&G scale. A good example is the global sponsorship 
agreement we signed in July with the International Olympic 
Committee (IOC). The partnership gives P&G global 
sponsorship rights for the next five Olympic Games, from 
London 2012 through the 2020 Olympic Games, enabling  
the Company to take the Games to the more than 4 billion 
consumers worldwide served by P&G brands today. The 
breadth of P&G’s portfolio and the depth of our reach  
make this the most far-reaching Olympic partnership. It 
demonstrates the powerful appeal of our brand portfolio and 
its tremendous global scale. No other consumer products 
company could create a comparable partnership with the IOC.
“Never Walk Alone” from P&G's Proud Sponsor of Moms campaign—
"The best commercial of the [Olympic] Games...Gold." (Stuart Elliott, 
“Medals for Ads During NBC’s Winter Olympics Coverage,” New York  
Times, March 2, 2010.)
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 8 ---
6   The Procter & Gamble Company
As part of this sponsorship, we also announced the 
global expansion of our Proud Sponsor of Moms campaign. 
We will build upon the success of our Team USA partnership 
at the Vancouver 2010 Olympic Winter Games, which 
resulted in increased favorability ratings for P&G and our 
brands, greater market share and nearly $100 million in 
incremental sales. P&G will leverage the IOC partnership to 
deliver on our growth strategy and to help improve the lives 
of athletes, moms and their families around the world in 
several ways:
•  We will continue to support families of Olympians, 
reapplying on-site activities from the Vancouver 2010 
Olympic Winter Games.
•  As part of the Proud Sponsor of Moms campaign, our 
Thank You, Mom program will continue in conjunction 
with the IOC’s inaugural Youth Olympic Games to be held 
in Singapore in August 2010, helping 25 moms of Youth 
Olympians from around the world with their travel and 
lodging costs so they can be in Singapore with their 
children as they compete.
•  We will produce a documentary video series called “Raising 
an Olympian, The P&G Momumentary Project” to celebrate 
the dedication and sacrifice of moms, families and their 
Olympians. The video series will tell the stories of Olympians 
as seen through the eyes of their moms. It will be shown 
leading up to and during the London 2012 Olympic Games 
and will aim to answer the question, “What does it take  
to raise an Olympian?”
By leveraging P&G scale and competing more effectively as 
one Company —rather than as individual businesses and 
brands alone—we are able to touch and improve more lives 
while creating meaningful competitive advantage.
Work to Do
While we are encouraged by the Company’s recent 
performance, I don’t want to imply that we are satisfied.  
Our results were ahead of our going-in expectations in nearly 
every area, but we still have some significant opportunities 
for improvement. 
Our results on some big brands and in some big 
categories have been soft. We are not yet growing share on 
every business but we have robust innovation and marketing 
plans in place to accelerate share growth across the 
portfolio. 
  We also need to continue our disciplined cost reduction 
and cash management efforts. We need to take even more 
cost out because there are still more investments we need 
to put in to keep driving profitable market share growth.
If we build on our successes, address our shortfalls  
and implement our strategy with excellence—which is 
precisely what we are focused on doing—we will continue 
to accelerate growth on both the top- and bottom-line, and 
we expect this to be reflected in stronger market share trends.
Inspired to Perform
As I wrote at the beginning of this letter, we have placed 
significant emphasis on P&G’s Purpose because we believe it 
inspires people to perform at their peak. 
Fulfilling P&G’s Purpose is not merely a noble ideal. It  
is potentially a game-changing growth strategy because it 
unleashes creativity and capability. Our purpose as individuals 
inspires our performance as professionals. The congruence  
of our Company Purpose and our personal purpose captures 
our imagination and passion. It focuses us on the consumers 
we serve and inspires empathy for them that, in turn, leads  
to insights, big ideas and innovation that drive growth.  
Simply put: Touching and improving people’s lives motivates 
peak performance. I believe that to my core.
Everywhere I travel, P&G people and our partners tell 
me they are inspired by what we can accomplish together. 
They tell me that they are inspired by the thought of what 
we can accomplish if we can infuse the work of our entire 
organization—all 127,000 of us—with the meaning that 
comes from our Purpose. We’re inspired by the thought of 
serving five billion people by the middle of this decade, and 
perhaps touching and improving the lives of nearly every 
person on the planet in our lifetimes. We’re inspired to 
create new innovations, ideas, services and products that 
improve people’s lives in ways we’ve not yet foreseen.
It is all this, taken together, that drives my confidence in 
P&G’s future. We have all the elements of a high-performing 
organization in place at P&G: passionate leaders at every 
level and in every part of our business; sound strategies that 
continue to provide abundant opportunities to grow; robust 
systems that enable us to operate with discipline and to 
collaborate inside and outside the Company; and a culture 
that enables, demands and rewards high performance. These 
pillars stand on a foundation of technical competence and 
the bedrock strength of our Purpose, Values and Principles 
that constitute the core of P&G. 
I am honored to stand alongside Purpose-inspired 
leaders in every part of our organization who ensure that 
P&G touches and improves lives every day. It is a privilege  
to work with such outstanding people and I thank them for 
all they are doing to touch and improve lives and to grow 
our business. 
Robert A. McDonald  
Chairman of the Board, President  
and Chief Executive Officer
SEE THE  
P&G  
LEADERSHIP 
BRANDS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 9 ---
Leadership brands:
173 years
In October 2010, P&G brands will have helped to 
make everyday life a little better for 173 years.

--- Page 10 ---
50 leadership brands
These brands are some of the world’s most well-known 
household names—including innovative new products 
that comprised five of the top ten most successful new 
introductions in 2009.*
23 brands
Number of P&G brands that each generate more  
than one billion dollars in annual sales—including our 
newest billion-dollar brand, Ace.

--- Page 11 ---
90% of sales
These 50 leadership brands account for  
90% of P&G sales.  
90% of profits
These 50 leadership brands account for  
more than 90% of P&G profits.  

--- Page 12 ---
90% 
These 50 leadership brands account for  
more than 90% of P&G profits.  
125 products
Over the past 15 years, 125 P&G innovations have 
earned a spot on SymphonyIRI Group’s list of each 
year’s 25 most successful new products —more than 
our six largest competitors combined.*
*Source: SymphonyIRI Group New Product Pacesetters™ report (non-food brands),  
March 22, 2010 (measured as total year-one dollar sales across food, drug, and mass 
channels, excluding Walmart). 
