
--- Page 6 ---
Core earnings per share for ﬁ scal year 2012 were $3.85, which 
is 1% below the prior-year level. The EPS beneﬁ ts from sales 
growth, cost savings and share repurchase this past year were 
more than offset by a combination of headwinds from higher raw 
material costs, geographic mix, a higher effective core tax rate 
and increased investments to support our accelerated portfolio 
expansion into developing markets.
Free cash ﬂ ow for the ﬁ scal year was $9.3 billion. Adjusted free 
cash ﬂ ow productivity was 90%, consistent with our target. During 
the ﬁ scal year, we returned $10 billion of cash to shareholders 
through $6 billion of dividends and $4 billion of share repurchase. 
We paid a dividend for the 122nd consecutive 
year, making P&G one of only nine publicly 
traded companies headquartered in the U.S. 
to have delivered uninterrupted dividends 
for 120 years or more. 
We also increased the dividend by 7%. This was the 56th 
consecutive year we have increased the dividend, one of only six 
companies to have done this.
Over the last 10 years, P&G has paid out $42 billion in dividends. 
Excluding $20 billion of share repurchase associated with the 
Gillette acquisition, we have repurchased $46 billion of stock. 
In total, through dividends and share repurchase, we have returned 
$88 billion of cash to our shareholders, which is 90% of reported 
net earnings. 
Returning capital to shareholders, through 
both dividends and share repurchase, 
remains a central pillar of our efforts to 
create superior shareholder value.
I’m proud of the extraordinary efforts P&G people have made to 
keep our Company growing through a very demanding economic 
period. We know, however, that we have not delivered sufﬁ cient 
growth to rank among the best performers in our industry. 
To do this, we must get back on a path toward our long-term 
annual objective of high single-digit to low double-digit EPS growth 
and total shareholder return in the top third of our competitive 
peer group. 
more than
2/3
of the 
unit dose 
laundry
segment
Innovation that
Sets New Standards
TIDE PODS IS AN EXAMPLE OF P&G innovation 
that obsoletes existing products or creates entirely 
new product categories. The innovative, three-
chamber, pre-measured packet can simply be dropped 
in the wash — no measuring, no worrying — and it 
even dissolves in cold water.
Since launching in the U.S. in February 2012, Tide PODS 
has had a very strong performance — ahead of our 
expectations. Since we began shipping PODS, the unit 
dose laundry segment has more than doubled to 6% 
of total laundry share — and Tide PODS is over two-
thirds of this segment.
It’s an innovation that’s making laundry day easier — 
and is saving consumers loads of time.
4  The Procter & Gamble Company

--- Page 7 ---
To accelerate progress down this path and address our shortfalls, 
we have implemented three meaningful changes: strengthening 
our core business, renewing our focus on discontinuous innovation, 
and implementing a $10 billion productivity program.
Focusing on Our Core
The ﬁ rst change is our 40/20/10 focus — focusing resources on 
the 40 largest and most proﬁ table businesses, many of which are 
in developed markets; on our 20 largest innovations; and on the 
10 most important developing markets. 
Our 40 largest businesses generate more than 50% of sales and 
nearly 70% of operating proﬁ t. They are disproportionately in the 
U.S. and China, which are P&G’s ﬁ rst and second largest, most 
proﬁ table markets, respectively. 
Our 20 most important innovations are 
nearly 10 times larger on average than the 
rest of the initiatives. This is the core of 
our innovation pipeline. 
Our 10 most important developing markets are critical to P&G’s 
future growth. Between 2010 and 2020, the world’s population 
will grow by 700 million people, and 95% of this population 
growth will be in developing markets. During that same period, 
the world’s middle class will increase by 1.4 billion people, 98% 
in developing markets. Population growth and household income 
growth are the primary drivers of our business growth, so these 
trends are highly encouraging for P&G’s future. We are maintain-
ing strong momentum in developing markets, targeting the 10 
developing markets with the highest potential for growth.
We will innovate and execute with excellence across all our busi-
nesses, but this sharp focus on core businesses, our biggest 
innovations and developing markets will have the greatest impact 
on getting P&G back on track to leadership levels of growth and 
shareholder value.
Winning with Innovation
The second change we’ve made is a deliberate refocus 
on discontinuous innovation — innovation that obsoletes current 
products and creates new categories and new brands. Examples 
are products such as Tide PODS, Swiffer, and Crest Whitestrips.
We will maintain our commitment to ongoing innovation 
in our base business (i.e., the innovations that enable P&G’s brands 
to maintain superior performance and value between more 
Driving Productivity 
and Cost Savings
PRODUCTIVITY IS THE GREAT ENABLER that 
allows us to invest in leadership levels of consumer 
understanding and innovation, ensure our 
brands are priced competitively, overcome macro 
headwinds and deliver bottom-line growth…
simultaneously. 
Earlier this year, we announced our objective of 
delivering $10 billion* in cost savings by the end 
of ﬁ scal year 2016. This program includes $6 billion 
of savings in cost of goods sold, $1 billion from 
marketing efﬁ ciencies, and $3 billion from non-
manufacturing overhead.
cost reduction progress
We’re making good progress in all these areas.
$6B
cost of goods
$3B
overhead
$1B
marketing
$10 these productivity plans 
will help P&G ﬁ nance top-line 
growth, ensure our consumer value 
propositions are superior, overcome 
macro headwinds and deliver better 
bottom-line growth. 
billion
* Based on projected revenue and costs growing at 
a 5% annual rate through 2016.
The Procter & Gamble Company  5
 

--- Page 8 ---
Time-Tested
Business Model
P&G’S LONG TRACK RECORD OF SUCCESS is 
based on a time-tested business model:
disruptive innovations), but some of our fastest periods of 
growth — and some of our largest and most proﬁ table present-
day businesses — were driven by discontinuous innovation: 
disposable diapers, liquid laundry detergents, home care 
items like Swiffer and Febreze. We need to get back to this 
level of innovation in a meaningful way. 
•  We discover meaningful 
insights into what consumers 
need and want.
•  We translate those insights into 
noticeably superior products.
•  We communicate product 
superiority through advertising 
that includes compelling claims, 
performance demonstrations 
and superior beneﬁ t visuals.
•  We price our products so that 
consumers experience superior 
overall value.
This drives leadership market shares, higher 
sales and lower costs, enabling us to reinvest
in our business. 
The model is simple and clear — and when 
we execute it consistently, we win.
We have an increasingly promising 
pipeline of category- and brand-creating 
innovations. It will take some time to 
get these innovations ready for launch, 
but I am conﬁ dent they will make a 
meaningful and sustainable difference 
as they enter the market. 
Improving Productivity
The third change is the $10 billion productivity program 
we announced in February. This is critical because 
productivity is the great enabler. It enables us to fund top-
line growth, to ensure our consumer value propositions are 
superior, to overcome macro headwinds, and to deliver 
better bottom-line growth. 
6  The Procter & Gamble Company

--- Page 9 ---
Leadership Brands
Brands with strong equities in the minds of consumers.
Brands that retailers want in their stores.
Brands that are platforms for innovation.

--- Page 12 ---
50
P&G’s 50 Leadership 
Brands are some of the 
world’s most well-known 
household names.
90%
These 50 brands 
represent 90% of P&G 
sales and more than 
90% of our proﬁ ts. 
25
25 of these 50 brands 
are our Billion-Dollar 
Brands, each generating 
more than $1 billion in 
annual sales.

--- Page 13 ---
see p&g’s 
50 leadership 
brands
Companies that deliver leadership levels of growth 
over long periods of time, through favorable and 
unfavorable economic conditions alike, are almost always 
companies with strong productivity cultures.
since
1837
P&G has been 
innovating to improve 
consumers’ lives
Our productivity program includes $6 billion of savings in 
cost of goods sold, $3 billion from non-manufacturing 
overhead, and $1 billion from marketing efﬁ ciencies. We have 
already identiﬁ ed and staffed $1 billion of the $1.2 billion in 
cost-of-goods-sold savings that we need in ﬁ scal year 2013. 
We’re ahead of our targets to reduce non-manufacturing 
enrollment. In addition, manufacturing enrollment remained 
essentially ﬂ at, as signiﬁ cant productivity improvements 
offset the added stafﬁ ng required to operate several new 
manufacturing facilities which went into operation during 
the past year. And while we are continuing to increase 
marketing spending, we are also leveraging efﬁ ciencies that 
enable our brands to increase reach and improve effective-
ness — essentially doing more with less.
In addition to these three changes, we are improving execu-
tion in all parts of the Company. Better execution will help 
us to overcome macro challenges, manage competitive 
threats and get the maximum beneﬁ t from our innovation, 
marketing and productivity programs. 
We are also maintaining accountability — at all levels. On 
average across the Company, short-term bonus awards will 
be below target for the 2012 ﬁ scal year. Three-year perfor-
mance awards for senior executives are currently tracking, in 
aggregate, to less than 50% of target. We all acknowledge 
this reﬂ ects the level and quality of our results.
We have the right metrics to incent results that are aligned 
with shareholder objectives. Our long-term bonus metrics 
are simple: organic sales growth relative to competition, 
operating earnings growth, EPS growth and free cash ﬂ ow 
productivity — all of which drive total shareholder return.
We’ve aligned the entire Company next year on short-term 
metrics of volume and sales growth, market share, operating 
proﬁ t growth, productivity (which is delivering against the 
$10 billion plan), cash ﬂ ow and internal controls. These are 
the metrics that we will measure ourselves against and that 
you can measure our progress by. 
175 Years of Growth
P&G IS CELEBRATING A MILESTONE in 2012 
that very few companies have achieved: its 175th 
anniversary.
william procter
james gamble
The Company was founded in Cincinnati in 1837 
by William Procter and James Gamble — a candle 
maker and a soap maker who started a small 
business that has grown into one of the world’s 
most admired companies and includes brands 
that have become household names, used and 
trusted by consumers every day in nearly every 
part of the world.
Today, P&G is the world’s largest and most 
proﬁ table consumer packaged goods company.
The Procter & Gamble Company  11
 

--- Page 14 ---
Committed to Shareholder 
Value Creation
THE WHOLE P&G ORGANIZATION is committed 
to shareholder value creation, and our objective is 
to consistently rank among the top third of our 
competitive peer group in Total Shareholder Return 
(TSR). Over the last 10 years, we have paid out 
$42 billion in dividends, and we have repurchased 
$46 billion* in stock. In total, we have returned 
$88 billion of cash to our shareholders, which is 
90% of reported net earnings. Cash yield to 
shareholders has averaged 5% over this period.
And over appropriately long periods of time — 
rolling 3-year, 5-year and 10-year periods — P&G has 
frequently outperformed the S&P 500 & Dow Jones 
Industrial Average since 1980.
This performance has made P&G an excellent 
long-term investment.
56
CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF 
DIVIDEND INCREASES 
(one of only six companies to do this)
$88 billion
OF CASH RETURNED TO
SHAREHOLDERS over 10 years
122
CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF DIVIDENDS
(one of only nine companies to do this)
* Excludes $20 billion of share repurchase 
associated with the Gillette acquisition.
12  The Procter & Gamble Company
With these changes, we should be poised to seize meaningful 
opportunities for top- and bottom-line growth. We have signiﬁ cant 
opportunity for revenue growth through increased market share in 
our established businesses, by expanding our portfolio of superior 
branded products into the most promising markets and price tiers, 
and by innovating to expand product categories and create new 
ones. On the bottom line, our productivity opportunity is substan-
tive and the program is in place. This will help ﬁ nance top-line 
growth, ensure our consumer value propositions are superior, 
overcome macro headwinds and deliver better earnings growth.
We have taken decisive action, but this Company wasn’t built 
overnight. It will take some time to restart growth in developed 
markets and to get the savings program to full run-rate levels. 
It will take some investment to restart innovation where it has 
been lacking, to ensure our brands are priced appropriately, 
and to ensure that our marketing plans are sufﬁ cient to generate 
consumer awareness, trial and loyalty. We are committed to 
make those investments, fueled by improvements in productivity 
and costs.
We are moving forward with urgency, but with balance — balancing 
developing- and developed-market growth, balancing the top and 
bottom lines, and balancing short- and long-term returns.
I am conﬁ dent we will deliver. 
175 Years of Growth
In its 175-year history, P&G has weathered economic downturns 
and crises, wars and unprecedented change in virtually every 
aspect of our business. We’ve gone through some rough patches, 
but we have stayed focused on the fundamentals of our business, 
learned from our mistakes, and preserved the core of our Company 
while being willing to change everything else necessary to win 
with consumers and retail customers.
We’ve been able to do this so consistently over time because of the 
quality of P&G people. They are P&G’s most important competitive 
advantage. Along with our time-tested business model, we have 
a successful and equally tested model of hiring the best people and 
building them into the best leaders in our industry. The character 
and caliber of P&G people remain my greatest sources of conﬁ dence 
in our Company’s future.
Robert A. McDonald
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Ofﬁ cer

--- Page 15 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company 13
            Page
Form 10-K Index
Item 1.
Business
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.
Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosure
Part I
Part II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Item 6.
Item 7.
Purchases of Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Management's Reports and Auditor's Reports
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
Item 9B.
Other Information
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
Part III
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 76
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Part IV
79
79
79
15
16
20
20
20
20
22
24
25
45
46
49
50
51
52
53
76
76
76
76
76
