
--- Page 3 ---
Message from the President
Reforming Our Company to Become a “Mobility Company”
Toyota’s growth to date is within the established business model of the automotive industry. In light of technolog-
ical innovations in “CASE,”* the very concept of the automobile is on the verge of major change. Given this situa-
tion, we must transform our business model into one that is in line with the CASE era.
Transforming the Business Model for the CASE Era
As we make changes to our business model, it is crucial that we go back to the basics, that is, our roots, to 
re-examine the role Toyota should play and consider how we should proceed, for example, in the advancement 
in electrification. Given that people can only contribute to the environment when eco-friendly technologies are 
widely used, we realized that we need to embrace fresh ideas and new ways of thinking.
Therefore, rather than focus solely on passenger cars and individual customers, we can spread these technolo-
gies via commercial vehicles and vehicles for government offices and fleet customers. Rather than conduct 
development on our own—without friends and partners—we can partner and collaborate with others who share 
our aspirations. Rather than keep our patents to ourselves, we can open them up and create more new friends. 
Rather than sell only cars, we can provide various services in which vehicles are incorporated into a system and 
focus more broadly and openly on contributing to the improvement of society.  
In other words, we recognized that the path to a new business model could only be reached by transforming our 
ways of thinking. 
From now, information will link all items and services that support people’s daily lives. Considering this, we will 
strive to adopt a broad, community-level and society-level perspective that includes cars, which in essence is the 
concept of the “connected city.”
In May 2019, we reached an agreement with Panasonic Corporation toward the establishment of a new joint 
venture to advance “town development” with the shared goal of creating new lifestyle value for communities as a 
whole. Building on the housing businesses of both companies, we are dedicated to the challenge of providing 
new kinds of lifestyles by bringing together the strengths of Toyota, with its vehicle and connected businesses, 
and Panasonic, with its home appliance, battery, and IoT businesses.
* CASE refers to the new areas of “Connected,” “Autonomous/Automated,” “Shared,” and “Electric.”
2
TOYOTA Annual Report 2019

--- Page 4 ---
Message from the President
Toward a Future Centered on People
From the perspective of the connected city, it is clear that Toyota will not be able to survive the coming era on 
our own, nor just by focusing solely on cars. We need “friends” with whom we can pool our strengths to mutually 
strengthen our competitiveness. At the same time, alongside the development of CASE technologies, automa-
tion is gradually advancing across society.
In this era of “making friends,” namely building alliances, and this era of automation, I believe that insights into how 
we can battle for survival in this era can be found in the Toyota Production System (TPS), Toyota’s very bedrock.
Toyota’s roots extend back to the automatic loom invented by Sakichi Toyoda. The greatest feature of this loom 
was that it would automatically stop if a single thread broke. I see in this the origin of not only Toyota’s dedication 
to preventing the production of defective products, but also our belief that we should not make people into mere 
machine overseers. At Toyota, we call this approach “intelligent automation,” or “automation centered on people.”
Kiichiro Toyoda, who launched automobile production, added the idea of making only what is needed, when it is 
needed, and in the amount needed to the idea of automation with people. This approach, which we call “Just-in-
Time,” amounts to the ultimate in sincerely anticipating and fulfilling customer needs, staying just a bit ahead of 
their expectations. 
These two concepts—automation with people and Just-in-Time—are the pillars of the TPS. What both have in 
common is that people are at the center.
I believe that the more automation advances, the more the ability of the people using it will be put to the test. 
Machines cannot improve unless people do, too. Developing people with skills that can equal machines and 
senses that surpass sensors is a fundamental part of Toyota’s approach.
In addition, the crucial factor in making friends is people. In other words, effective partnerships and alliances are 
not necessarily formed by the logic of capital or numbers. Only through connections formed between people 
who share aspirations, understanding, and trust can we create the future together.
3
TOYOTA Annual Report 2019
