
--- Page 4 ---
Message from the Chairman
I would like to express my deepest gratitude to our loyal 
Company founder Kiichiro Toyoda once said, “Rather than 
Toyota car customers around the world, to our sharehold-
simply making automobiles, we must create a domestic 
ers who support our efforts, and to all of our stakeholders. 
automobile industry through the intellect and skills of the 
We are able to go forward in spite of the many obstacles 
Japanese people.” As such, Toyota is not a company 
we encounter on a daily basis because of all of you.
established simply for the creation of automobiles. It is a 
company born from the philosophies of “producing happi-
The automobile industry is now entering what has been 
ness for all” and “building a better future.” 
called a once-in-a-century transformational period. Against 
this backdrop, we at Toyota are taking on the challenge of 
As the automobile industry directly serves its customers 
making a full model change into a mobility company.
with products that become an integral part of their daily 
lives, the smiles of those customers are central to the future 
we envision. Also, the automobile industry as a whole 
encompasses a comprehensive range of businesses and is 
supported by 5.5 million of our colleagues in Japan, a num-
ber we foresee growing to 8.5 million and eventually 10  
million as it continues to grow into a mobility industry.  
We also have the support of even more colleagues around 
the world.
I believe that “the future is something we create together.” I 
also believe that a future created by colleagues who share a 
philosophy of “building a better future for the smiles of our 
customers” and who trust and empathize with each other 
will be vastly different than one created through regulations 
and external pressure. 
The world we live in today is becoming increasingly confron-
tational and divided. The experience of living in such an era is 
precisely why I have come to firmly believe that it is important 
that today’s adults consider the nature of the visions of the 
future are they are sharing with and the lessons they are 
passing on to the children who will one day inherit it. In 
Japan, we have the beautiful word arigato (thank you). 
Arigato is a magic word that has the power to make those 
around us happy. Together with our many colleagues, we at 
Toyota hope to create, for the sake of future generations, a 
Japan in which arigato is a word frequently shared in a soci-
ety that is supported through trust and empathy.  
Nothing would bring us more joy than to have all of our 
stakeholders share in this desire with us. It is our sincere 
hope that you will continue to support Toyota’s activities for 
a long time to come. 
3

--- Page 5 ---
Message from the President
I would like to express my deepest gratitude to our 
and product- and region-based management, we now have 
esteemed shareholders and stakeholders for their ongoing 
a foundation for sustainable growth rooted in what makes 
support of Toyota’s activities.
us Toyota along with the ability to leverage a full product 
lineup and a global business foundation. 
Over the past 14 years, we have made repeated efforts to 
restore what makes us Toyota to our products. We have 
With this foundation in place, I believe we are entering our 
poured our sweat into our genba (front lines) to make 
“implementation acceleration” phase. We will accelerate 
“ever-better cars” for the sake of our customers’ smiles. We 
processes and raise the level of implementation because 
have aimed to be a “best-in-town” company that is sup-
we believe providing concrete solutions that demonstrate 
ported by the local communities in which we do business. 
our vision is critical to the realization of a future in which 
As a result of these years of effort to return to the basics 
mobility generates a great deal of happiness.
 “Let’s change the future of cars!” serves as our shared 
motto for this endeavor.
In order to fulfill our mission of “producing happiness for all,” 
we will work to minimize the detrimental effects that automo-
biles have on society—including traffic accidents, pollution, 
and congestion—while maximizing the benefits—including 
convenience, comfort, and the enjoyment of driving. To this 
end, we aim to transform ourselves into a mobility company 
by leveraging our foundation of “making ever-better 
cars”—a desire expressed through the phrase “Let’s 
change the future of cars.” We are taking on multifaceted 
challenges based on the Toyota Mobility Concept, which 
summarizes the three specific areas of our efforts: “transi-
tioning cars to mobility,” “expanding mobility access,” and 
“synergy of mobility and infrastructure.”
In response to the pressing need for carbon neutrality, we 
will keep decarbonizing our supply chain and monozukuri 
(manufacturing). In terms of mobility, we will offer a range of 
solutions under our multi-pathway strategy to provide 
options to our customers worldwide. The fundamental idea 
here is to close in on the “future of energy” and the “expec-
tations of our customers around the world.”
From a sustainability perspective and given the characteris-
tics of energy, I believe that, in the medium to long term, 
4

--- Page 6 ---
Message from the President
electricity and hydrogen will become the dominant energy 
We want to not only electrify the powertrain but to develop 
sources supporting the society of the future. On the other 
battery EVs that will set a new value standard for cars. Our 
hand, given the global energy situation, we need a variety of 
new architecture, which allows for a low center of gravity 
short-term mobility options that will contribute to a stable 
and a low hood, will transform both car design and the driv-
supply of energy in a way that addresses environmental 
ing experience. We will also connect with various partners, 
concerns while ensuring the protection of lifestyle affluence.
services, and society through the software platform Arene, 
which we developed in collaboration with Woven by Toyota, 
With this in mind, Toyota is committed to achieving carbon 
to make mobility more convenient and fun.
neutrality through practical transitions while looking to the 
future of energy, so that no one is left behind.
The future of Toyota’s unique “Software Defined Vehicle” 
(SDV), which we are aiming for with the next-generation 
To meet the diverse needs of our customers, we are cur-
battery EV as our lead project, will be built on a foundation 
The key to realizing new value through these challenges is 
rently strengthening development to increase the number of 
of well-designed hardware, and we will leverage the power 
to enhance the creativity of Toyota’s human resources.
plug-in hybrid vehicle options by clearly positioning them as 
of software to freely expand the value of cars to meet the 
“practical Battery EVs” while also expanding sales of hybrid 
needs of each individual customer.
vehicles, which are the most promising option for the time 
As innovation arises from a diversity of values, it is critical to 
establish a workplace culture that supports the exchange of 
being, especially in emerging countries.
Starting with SDVs, the car of the future will be able to cre-
diverse ideas, encourages employees to take on challenges 
ate new value that complements our daily lives by integrat-
without fear of failure, and enables them to connect diversi-
Through collaboration with various partners, we are accel-
ing with social systems via connections with various types 
ty to future value. We need to secure a foundation that 
erating the creation of the infrastructure necessary to the 
of movement, including people, goods, information, and 
empowers all employees to realize their full potential. This is 
promotion of hydrogen mobility, starting with commercial 
energy. We will also pursue the possibility of a new value 
exactly why, as a Company-wide project, we intend to 
vehicles. In this way, we will help realize a hydrogen- 
chain by enhancing the value of cars and mobility through 
enhance our comprehensive investment in human capital, 
powered society.
collaboration with financial services, energy infrastructure, 
which includes promoting digital innovation, promoting 
We are working tirelessly to create next-generation battery 
dealerships, and housing.
diversity among our human resources, reforming our  
corporate culture and workstyles, and enhancing the work-
EVs by utilizing our expertise as carmakers and bolstering 
As we continue to build on carbon-neutral initiatives, we 
place environment, including factories.
our lineup.
at Toyota are committed to spearheading the shift from 
the automotive to the mobility industry and will rise to the 
Uniting the strengths of the 370,000 members of Global 
challenge alongside our many colleagues. I believe that 
Toyota and many more, we will continue to take on the 
the evolution of mobility and new business growth will 
challenge of creating a future of mobility based on trust and 
result from our efforts to enhance the added value of 
empathy, and we look forward to the ongoing support of all 
cars with the various industries that support our  
of our stakeholders.
customers’ lives.
5

--- Page 7 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
Toyota Unveils 
Group Vision— 
Chairman Toyoda:  
"I Will Lead the 
Transformation"
"Inventing Our Path 
Forward, Together"— 
Chairman Toyoda 
Presents His Vision  
for Toyota
 “I would like to express my deepest apologies 
to our customers and stakeholders for the 
inconvenience and concern caused by the suc-
cessive irregularities at Hino Motors, Daihatsu 
and Toyota Industries.”
 “As the person responsible for the Toyota 
Group, I will lead the transformation, and hope 
that I can count on your continued support.”
  On January 30, before the assembled press, 
Chairman Akio Toyoda declared his commit-
ment to leading the Toyota Group.
  Ahead of this press conference at the Toyota 
Commemorative Museum of Industry and 
Technology, senior managers and genba (front 
line) leaders from 17 Group companies gath-
ered at the venue to hear Chairman Toyoda 
outline his vision.
  Unlike the press conference, in this session, 
Chairman Toyoda spoke about the company’s 
past leaders, the core duty of a carmaker, and 
the attitudes for ensuring that Toyota remains 
needed in the future.
Committing to our next step forward
One of the reasons I invited everyone here to the 
Commemorative Museum of Industry and 
Technology, which is rich in Toyota Group history, is 
because I wanted us all to consider what lies ahead.
Let’s follow the threads of history back to August 27, 
1945, less than two weeks after the war’s end. On 
this day, the Toyota Group’s holding company, 
Toyoda Sangyo, held its first postwar board meeting.
All those in attendance had sustained the compa-
ny since its founding.
When they met immediately after the war, what did 
they discuss?
At that time, the Toyota Group was making a major 
shift in its business areas, from the textile industry 
to automobiles and machinery manufacturing, pri-
marily for aircraft production.
With the end of the war, demand for machinery 
manufacturing had instantly dried up, and the 
Group urgently needed to figure out how it 
would operate.
This board meeting was of tremendous signifi-
cance in determining the direction of the entire 
Toyota Group.
The session was held not at the Toyoda Sangyo 
head office, but rather at Toyoda Automatic Loom 
Works, the Group’s spiritual core.
When faced with a crisis, everyone comes togeth-
er and returns to the company’s origins.
Passion for invention is the Toyota 
Group’s true starting point
The above chart depicts the Toyota Group’s lin-
eage, starting with the establishment of Toyoda 
Shoten in 1895.
I believe that’s how our forefathers overcame 
numerous crises.
And now the same is needed of us.
Eager to ease the burden on his mother, Sakichi 
Toyoda immersed himself in researching weaving 
machines, and in 1890 invented the Toyoda wood-
en hand loom.
Today, I stand here in the hope that, on this day, 
the Toyota Group will commit to our next step.
Thinking of others, learning, honing skills, mak-
ing things, and bringing smiles to people’s fac-
es—I believe that this passion and attitude 
toward invention is truly the Toyota Group’s 
starting point.
6

--- Page 8 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
From there, Toyoda Boshoku and Toyoda Automatic 
Loom Works were established, extending the com-
pany vertically like the warp threads on a loom.
In the 1930s, Kiichiro Toyoda began to get actively 
involved in the business.
“It is not just about making automobiles. With 
Japanese ideas and skills, we must create an 
automobile industry for Japan.”
Of course, neither an automobile nor the future 
can be created by a single person.
We need partners to share the struggle, to encour-
age and elevate each other.
Many companies in the parts, steel, rubber, and 
electronics industries started following in  
Toyota’s footsteps.
Not all bore the Toyoda name.
Despite their different backgrounds, Toyota joined 
forces with partners who possessed a shared pur-
pose: to establish an automobile industry.
As we formed alliances with companies possess-
ing their own unique character and strengths, the 
Toyota Group’s lineage extended horizontally, like 
the weft on a loom.
The Company’s founding spirit, the 
carmaker’s core duty
Next, please look at the following chart.
At that time, the technological standards of Japanese 
industry were lagging far behind the West.
He, therefore, sought to revamp the country’s indus-
trial base by producing automobiles domestically.
In addition to automobiles, Kiichiro also studied 
aircraft. He is said to have told his son, Shoichiro, 
to “build a house no fire can burn down.”
What Kiichiro wanted to create was happiness for 
the people of Japan, and a future that allowed the 
next generation to dream.
In the Group’s vertical and horizontal expansions, I 
found distinct meanings.
I think the first to forget this sentiment was none 
other than the Toyota Motor Corporation.
What we must consider, however, is where those 
volumes and profits are coming from.
Our vertical lineage continues to evolve through 
our unwavering commitment to paving the way for 
the future.
To make the mobility that sustains people’s lives 
more enjoyable and richer, we need to make 
ever-better cars.
If you merely reap from the fields seeded, plowed, 
and cultivated by those who came before, such a 
business cannot last long.
And our horizontal lineage continues to evolve 
together with our like-minded partners.
This is the company’s founding spirit and our core 
duty as a carmaker.
That was the case at Toyota Motor when I first 
became president.
You could say we have been living in an automobile 
industry that was woven together by the vertical 
and horizontal threads spun by our predecessors.
However, somewhere along the way, we turned 
into a company that prioritizes volumes and prof-
its—a company that makes money, not cars.
Do we understand and appreciate how fortunate 
we are?
When the numbers go up, you get showered with 
praise. And people want to be praised. No one 
can criticize that desire.
The 2008 financial crisis caused us to fall into the 
red for the first time in company history, causing 
trouble for the many people who support the auto-
mobile industry.
Furthermore, global recalls caused us to lose the 
trust of our customers, which is of the utmost 
importance to us.
7

--- Page 9 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
I consider the Toyota Motor Corporation to have 
collapsed at that point.
Sowing seeds does not grant immediate results. 
However, you also don’t need to struggle alone.
I have put together a list of attitudes to guide  
our way.
Over the next 14 years I gave my all, and together 
with our partners managed to rebuild the company 
to the point where we can once more be called a 
carmaker. And yet, if we are not careful, I think we 
will soon find ourselves back in the same situation.
Our forefathers left us Toyota’s horizontal weft 
threads of our lineage.
Today, I am truly grateful for these  
connecting threads.
– Aim high and care deeply.
– Trust and uplift your colleagues.
– Endlessly improve your craft.
– Honesty first, integrity always.
– Connect and collaborate.
The Toyota Group’s path forward
The future is something we all build together.
We create the path
This is not just about Toyota Motor Corporation.
Given the horizontal threads that connect us so 
closely, I believe that, just as Toyota Motor lost 
sight of our origins, the same thing is now happen-
ing at other Group companies.
When a crisis threatens a company’s survival, as 
managers, we are always given two paths.
One heads for short-term success via stopgap 
measures and all-or-nothing bets.
Creating mutual gratitude and being 
needed in the future
The world we live in is undergoing a once-in-a-
century transformation.
Although the history of our companies and the 
products we make are different, I believe that all of 
us here share the same love and passion for 
monozukuri [manufacturing] and the same desire 
to make the world’s children happy.
The Toyota Group’s essence is about valuing the 
origins and characters of each company and 
engaging earnestly and honestly with monozukuri.
A time when there is no right answer.
Instead of seeking instant recognition, wouldn’t it 
be great to receive a “thank you” from those who 
will live in the future and those who paved the path 
that brought us here?
In this age of constant division, conflict, discord, 
and vilification, wouldn’t you like to show how 
adults can live for the sake of children, for some-
one other than ourselves, and for the future?
A path was left for us by those who came before. 
But as yet, no path lies ahead.
It is up to us to create it.
Inventing our path forward together
With mobility as our core business, we will bring 
smiles to people around the world.
We will build a future in which the children of 
tomorrow can dream more freely and more richly.
To everyone at the Toyota Group: let’s invent our 
path forward, together.
The other leads back to the founding origins that 
give our existence meaning.
That is, loving humanity and serving society.
For us, there is only one right path—returning to 
the company’s starting point and fixing what had 
gone wrong with our character.
Yet, that is not all.
At the same time, we must always continue to sow 
seeds and take on new challenges for the future.
Personally, while continuing the fight to restore 
Toyota’s essence, I vowed not to stop sowing 
seeds for the future, including TNGA and other R&D 
investments, as well as building partnerships in new 
fields. I carried on with unwavering commitment.
Because such efforts weave the vertical warp 
threads of our lineage.
With this in mind, I have formulated a vision to 
which all of us at the Toyota Group can return.
 “Inventing our path forward together”
Even as times change, the spirit of invention—a 
desire to create something better—has been 
passed down to us through the generations.
I believe these are our true roots.
We should all embrace the spirit of invention within 
us, think of others, hone our skills, and continue to 
make the right things.
By doing so, we will build a culture of mutual 
gratitude and ensure the Toyota Group is needed 
in the future.
8

--- Page 10 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
After outlining his thoughts behind the Group’s 
vision, Chairman Toyoda took questions from the 
press. Reporters eagerly asked the man respon-
sible for Toyota about his response to the irregu-
larities and plans for revamping the Group.
Regarding the Group vision
—— Toyota has long adopted various guiding  
principles, such as the “Five Main Principles of 
Toyoda.” What do they have in common with 
this new vision, and what new changes or 
developments have you made?
In my mind, the words “Inventing our path forward, 
together” contain the past, present, and future. 
“Forward” points to the future, “path” is the pres-
ent, and “inventing” refers to the Toyota Group’s 
origins, namely (company founder and renowned 
inventor) Sakichi Toyoda (i.e. the past).
Expressing the past, present, and future in modern 
terms, it sets out a shared vision for all of us to 
build a path for the future together.
I think the English version is even clearer than the 
Japanese, which doesn’t include the word 
“together.”
Upon becoming president of Toyota, I set forth 
the vision of “making ever-better cars.” People in 
the media said they didn’t know what I was 
talking about and asked why I couldn’t put up 
numerical targets.
Employees often asked me, “What do you mean 
by ‘ever-better cars?’”
I replied that this was for them to figure out and 
deliberately avoided explaining what “ever-better 
cars” meant to me. I believe that is why Toyota has 
come up with such a wide range of cars.
Had I supplied an answer, we may have ended up 
with nothing but sports cars.
  Yet our TNGA, in-house company system, and 
regional focus have led to new launches (or model 
changes) for many different cars—commercial 
vehicles, everyday cars, family cars, and models 
that hadn’t been updated in many years.
  Similarly, I believe the “path” in this vision will 
yield many different interpretations. And by setting 
a Group vision around our invention-driven origins, 
I hope to start by spurring a fresh start under the 
banner of making and inventing things.
—— Amid a string of irregularities within the 
Group, how have company leaders reacted to 
this vision? Could you share what was dis-
cussed at the briefing?
No company controls the Toyota Group. As I 
understand it, the term “governance” means to 
oversee, command, or administer.
In companies, governance is about creating 
administrative structures to ensure sound corpo-
rate management.
What I did at Toyota was restore authority to the 
genba and enable everyone, regardless of their posi-
tion or background, to be involved in running the 
company. I view this as my own style of governance.
Response to irregularities
A nice way of putting it is that I created a corpo-
rate culture where the genba can think and act on 
its own initiative based on the straightforward 
vision of making ever-better cars.
You could also call it vision-driven management, 
genba-centered management, or product-cen-
tered management.
If you look up the origins of the word governance, 
you’ll find that it refers to guiding or steering a ship. 
To me, that sounds closer to what I have been doing 
than “overseeing, commanding, or administering.”
I was able to do this thanks to the philosophy, 
skills, and conduct of Toyota’s genba. And a sim-
ple vision: “Let’s make ever-better cars.”
Above all, I believe that in being the person 
responsible for Toyota’s past, present, and future, I 
was able to establish governance that returns 
authority to the genba.
  There is a concept known as the “five stages of 
corporate decline” proposed by American econo-
mist Jim Collins. In expressing my intent to be 
responsible for the Toyota Group, I spoke with 
many Group company heads and genba leaders 
about wanting to create a corporate culture where 
the genba can think and act on its own initiative.
Instead of merely a one-way talk, I created an 
opportunity for exchanging information and pre-
senting my ideas while answering all sorts of ques-
tions, mainly from genba personnel.
I imagine many people came to the venue expect-
ing some rather strong words from me, but con-
trary to those expectations, I think the top 
management more or less embraced the idea that 
creating such circumstances gives everyone the 
chance to voice their opinions.
—— As Chairman, how do you regard the 
series of irregularities? What do you see as 
the causes of the successive irregularities 
uncovered within the Toyota Group?
We did things we should not have done. What 
were these things? The common thread between 
Daihatsu, Hino, and Toyota Industries Corporation 
is that they committed misconduct related to certi-
fication systems.
I hoped to look through the third-party commit-
tee reports, but have not had the time to go 
through everything.
I have, however, been briefed by people who veri-
fied it.
Japanese certification testing is a system of rule-
based measurement for checking whether vehicles 
meet certain safety and environmental standards. 
If these standards are not met, the vehicles cannot 
be produced or sold.
Therefore, unless a car clears certification, it can-
not be mass-produced. However, these compa-
nies mass-produced cars while engaging in 
certification irregularities. I believe that is what hap-
pened in these cases.
9
 

--- Page 11 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
Because of the three companies’ misconduct in 
certification, products that should not have been 
sold were delivered to customers.
This is something that must never be allowed to 
happen. Certification systems exist to give cus-
tomers peace of mind when driving their cars, and 
we abused these systems.
We recognize the extreme gravity of these acts, 
which betray the trust of our customers and shake 
the very foundations of the certification system. As 
the person responsible for the Group, I apologize.
I am sure that regaining our customers’ trust will take 
time. That is why, first of all, I am taking responsibility.
During my 14 years as Toyota’s president, I was 
able to make decisions and take responsibility. I 
resolved to do so, but being responsible for a 
group is not like being the head of a company.
In my experience, however, the first to lose trust 
was Toyota Motor Corporation. I think that experi-
ence and my track record in turning Toyota back 
into a carmaker make me a dependable advisor 
for the Group’s current leaders.
To prevent recurrence, we will move to track down 
the causes.
If there was a single cause, the solution would be 
very simple, but I believe these events stemmed 
from a combination of many factors.
Exactly one year has passed since I stepped down 
as president.
And in becoming chairman, I felt a degree of hesi-
tation and a certain distance toward the current 
executive team and the individual companies, but I 
want to take another look at the Toyota Group and 
Toyota Motor Corporation as the person responsi-
ble for both.
I certainly don’t intend to be here just for show. Or 
to make myself stand out.
this starting point talk normally, from an equal 
standpoint, with a new shared vision.
That said, I want to use the fact that I have 
restored authority to the genba as the first step for 
the three companies that have committed irregu-
larities, and the Toyota Group, to move forward 
according to our vision.
—— I understand you faced various crises 
during your 14-year presidency—how  
serious are these irregularities, and what  
is their significance? I would like to hear 
your perspective.
Having stepped down as president to be just an 
ordinary car-loving guy, as master driver, I too 
need to speak with many different people.
The title of Toyota Chairman gets in the way. While 
breaking down those barriers, I want to explore the 
individual circumstances with the peers I have 
gained over my 14 years as president.
These irregularities are serious, and I believe the 
main issue is that we have lost sight of our origins. 
That is why I chose to share them again today.
These are events of great consequence. I think  
the biggest issue is that we have lost sight of  
our origins.
Yet simply doing so will not mean a fresh start. They 
must be thoroughly digested and understood before 
we can translate them into words and actions.
While explaining the Group vision, I thought again 
about the Toyota Group’s starting point.
I will be looking into it and hope that you will also 
share your critical observations.
Being responsible for the Group
—— As the person responsible for Toyota, 
what specific initiatives will you tackle in the 
immediate future?
I see it as the moment when a shift from automatic 
looms to automobiles was first discussed. If we lay 
out the lineage, initially it developed vertically, then 
at a certain point began to grow horizontally.
These irregularities have occurred at a time 
when Toyota is working to transform itself into a 
mobility company.
Despite having the same roots, the companies have 
become vast entities with different values, with most 
contact based on functional specialization.
Interacting on a functional basis doesn’t allow us to 
assess a company’s operations and management. 
And since Toyota is often the one placing orders, I 
think it becomes difficult to speak up to Toyota.
Instead of peculiar hierarchies, we need to rec-
ognize that we have inherited and grown togeth-
er from the same monozukuri roots, and from 
I can’t offer any specific initiatives, but I want to 
start by acting. Today, in front of company heads 
and genba leaders, I called for “inventing our path 
forward, together.”
And I also asked them each to consider the fact 
that I restored Toyota’s authority as a company 
back to the genba, to the products.
My next action will be to attend this year’s share-
holder meetings for all 17 companies. I told them 
that I wanted to see and study their companies 
through the eyes of a shareholder.
When I chaired Toyota’s meeting, some sharehold-
ers commented that they could not attend all Group 
company meetings because the schedules clashed.
Now, they are all held on different dates. I want to 
take the opportunity to attend the annual meetings 
and see the Toyota Group from the perspective of 
its shareholders and stakeholders.
Since we have a few months until the sharehold-
ers’ meetings, I hope to discuss what we thought 
about and did in the interim.
—— Many people look to Toyota and the 
automotive sector, the leaders of Japanese 
industry, to do the right thing. In pursuing 
transformation, how do you view the respon-
sibility of the management teams leading 
Daihatsu and Toyota Industries Corporation? 
To prevent recurrence, does Toyota plan to 
revise its ordering from the companies where 
irregularities occurred?
I consider Toyota to have been a failed company at 
one point, 14 years ago. Over those 14 years, I 
worked to transform the company in many ways.
The companies that committed these irregulari-
ties did something they should not have done.  
1 0

--- Page 12 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
In response, I believe we have to be prepared to 
rebuild the companies.
Earthquake, and flooding in Thailand. In all honesty, 
I was stretched to the limit.
Frankly, it took everything I had just to get Toyota 
back on its feet. It’s not so much that I wasn’t 
looking; I honestly couldn’t.
Becoming chairman last year (2023) was a major 
turning point. I figured that the chairman is not 
quite as pressed for time as the president.
My 14 years as president began by figuring out 
the essence of Toyota and creating a vision for 
the company.
Now, I want to set forth a vision for the Toyota 
Group and fulfill my role as the person responsible.
Then there is the reality that these are separate 
companies. Understanding the histories and rela-
tionships between the companies is about more 
than just capital ties.
I will lead the Toyota Group’s revitalization to ensure 
that all stakeholders—from the employees who 
work there to our business partners and custom-
ers—are eager to see the company grow further.
I hope you will take a long-term perspective and 
give us your encouragement.
The Group’s future
—— Toyota cherishes the TPS concept, but how 
do you plan to balance efficiency and quality?
Rebuilding means leveraging the strengths of 
each company. The work they have done up to 
now—the work they devoted their lives to—will 
not be wasted.
As the person responsible, what I need to do is 
find ways of making these changes such that the 
people in these positions will be glad to be a part 
of our companies.
I am sure each company will announce how the 
changes will take place at the appropriate time. I 
hope you will continue to follow their progress. 
And since I have made clear that I am responsible, 
I will also be available for discussion.
What’s important is that any changes leave the 
people in these jobs glad to be part of the com-
pany. And that our resources are allocated in a 
way that allows us to plant seeds that we can 
cultivate and reap in the future. I think these are 
the two key points.
—— You spoke of being responsible for the 
Group as opposed to heading a company. 
On the other hand, regarding the misconduct 
at Daihatsu, decisions taken during your pres-
idency placed many senior managers from 
Toyota within the wholly-owned subsidiary. 
How do you regard Toyota’s responsibility, 
and your own responsibility, in failing to 
detect the misconduct at Daihatsu Motor?
Why weren’t we able to detect it? Personally, the 
14 years of my presidency, just as now, were far 
from uneventful.
To begin with, I took over the company in the red. 
From there, it was a series of crises, including the 
financial crisis, recall issues, the Great East Japan 
The purpose of the Toyota Production System is 
not efficiency. It is to create a culture that  
drives improvement.
Problems inevitably occur at any company—you 
can take as many different steps (countermea-
sures) as you like, yet they will always happen.
Within the Toyota Production System is the con-
cept of “managing abnormalities.” Controlling 
every normal aspect is extremely difficult. Instead, 
you clearly identify what is abnormal and what 
must not be allowed to happen. Then, you begin 
by correcting the areas that exceed these limits.
Then, by continuing the Toyota Production System 
cycle of kaizen (improvement), you move toward a 
better corporation.
Yet despite that, when you take on new challeng-
es, problems will arise. The key is to find and elimi-
nate them early, one by one, to avoid them 
becoming big problems such as these. I think we 
need to regain that kind of mentality.
That is why we first need a vision as our starting 
point. From here, I want to attend shareholder 
meetings, hear from many different people, and 
search for abnormalities based on our vision.
However, I have only been granted the same terms 
as everybody else: two eyes, two ears, and 24 
hours a day, 365 days a year. What I alone can 
achieve is very limited.
Fortunately, it is also true that, compared to my 
early days as Toyota’s president over a decade ago, 
I now have more colleagues who tell me the truth.
Working with the partners and networks I cultivat-
ed over those 14 years, I want to restore that kind 
of culture. I hope you will continue to follow us 
closely with a long-term view.
—— Following successive irregularities at Hino, 
Daihatsu, and Toyota Industries Corporation, 
many people suspect there may be other mis-
conduct within the Group. Every report notes 
that people were unable to speak up even if 
they noticed the irregularities. It would be 
appreciated if you asked anyone who is cur-
rently aware of misconduct to come forward 
immediately. Also, in presenting your vision 
and taking responsibility for the Group, what 
goals do you have in mind?
As far as I know, there are no other irregularities.
If I had been responsible, I think what would have 
changed is the timing of announcements.
In the case of Hino, for instance, the public 
announcement came more than a year after I 
learned about the situation. Daihatsu took about six 
months, and Toyota Industries around ten months.
Had I understood the events from the outset, I 
would have announced them before the timeframes 
I just mentioned. Because I’m the one accountable.
When I attended the (U.S. Congressional) public 
hearings 14 years ago, I did so as Toyota’s presi-
dent. But at Toyota Motor, there was a three-
month gap before information reached the 
president’s ears.
Even as the head of the company, there was a 
limit to the information I could gather about what 
happened in the genba, and a gap of about 
three months.
Since then, however, at Toyota, “top-down” has 
meant top management coming down. In my 
actions and results, people have seen that informa-
tion is something you go and obtain for yourself.
1 1

--- Page 13 ---
Toyota Group Vision: “Inventing Our Path Forward, Together”
I, therefore, think that putting my name forward as 
the person responsible for the Toyota Group will 
help build a long-term commitment and a sense of 
reassurance that people can speak out about 
these things.
This morning, in front of all the company heads, I 
also received candid questions from our genba 
leaders. These were wide-ranging questions from 
diverse people, and I believe the climate that 
enables such conversations is something that I 
created over my 14 years. At the very least, we 
have employees who sense such a climate.
While I can’t solve everything, I have shown every-
one who they can turn to when in doubt, or unsure 
whether they are doing the right thing.
I believe moving forward in this way, step by step, 
is important.
There are no end goals. As with the Toyota 
Production System, this is about continuous 
improvement, something we will keep doing.
If I were to offer one, it would be creating more 
people within the management who have the 
same sensors and sensibilities as myself.
I couldn’t say how many years. I was president 
for 14 years before passing the baton to 
President Sato.
Serving as president, I realized there was no one at 
Toyota Motor who would tell me, “It’s time to call it 
quits.” I, therefore, felt I should decide on the tim-
ing myself, and in my 14th year, I resolved to hand 
over the presidency.
In essence, I felt that I had established Toyota 
Motor’s foundations as a carmaker and given it the 
strength to transform into a mobility company.
Moving forward, as we transform into a mobility 
company, we will have younger leaders supported 
by more diverse people.
Again, in the case of the Toyota Group, taking 
responsibility does not mean I’m taking up a posi-
tion as a chairman or president.
However, I want to remain committed to restoring 
authority to the genba and our products.
I also want to tighten the Group’s grip in terms of 
the genba and products.
After giving advice, guidance, and encouragement 
to nurture these sensors, my own personal goal 
would be to have the outside world acknowledge 
the Toyota Group’s wealth of human resources.
Although I’ve moved from president to chairman at 
Toyota Motor, my business card still reads “master 
driver,” and I also retain my roles as a decision 
maker and sensor in making ever-better cars.
As to whether I will be a master driver for Daihatsu, 
Hino, and Toyota Industries, I will not.
—— You say there are no end goals, but in 
what timeframe and form will we see the 
results of you taking responsibility? Are we 
correct to understand this as a strengthening 
grip on the Group? Will taking responsibility 
potentially strengthen the Toyota Group’s unity, 
including a revision of capital ties?
I hope you will understand that my grip starts with 
the selection of personnel.
—— I believe the job of a master driver is not 
only to determine how a car feels but also to 
serve as the final filter. I also think they should 
serve as the final filter for Daihatsu and Toyota 
Industries, where the problems occurred, and 
I would like to hear your thoughts.
Currently, the roles I have been assigned at Toyota 
are those of chairman and master driver.
In taking responsibility for the Group companies, I 
want to bring my role as master driver, not as 
Toyota’s chairman, to the forefront and exercise my 
grip through the products and genba capabilities.
I want the companies to select people who are not 
simply in charge of creating each brand’s flavor but 
can also communicate the role and mission of 
vehicles beyond the product concept, including 
the kind of cars they want to make and what these 
cars will accomplish.
I want to start by personally getting in a car with 
the people chosen by each company, to under-
stand what kind of sensors they possess and what 
kind of dialogue they are capable of.
What’s more, I’m sure each company will select 
people based on their specs. This may not make 
for good dialogue, but I will respect each compa-
ny’s will in their personnel choices.
I want to strengthen my grip not with titles but 
through the role of master driver. This is my way of 
doing it.
Though my methods may differ, I am certain that 
this path will lead to a product-centered corporate 
culture that values people. I hope you will appreci-
ate this.
Toward a fresh start
Following questions from the press, Chairman 
Toyoda once again shared his thoughts as the per-
son responsible for the Toyota Group.
Thank you very much for gathering here today on 
such short notice.
Since today was about presenting my vision, I did 
not go into the irregularities that occurred within 
the Toyota Group or the individual circumstances 
of the three companies, but I hope I have given 
you a slightly better understanding of my personal 
perspective and way of thinking.
In taking responsibility for a Group that did things it 
should not have done, I would like to once again 
apologize for the concern we have caused.
From today, however, I will be working as the per-
son responsible for the Group, and ask for your 
continued encouragement.
Aside from the difficulty of obtaining a forklift 
license or a special large vehicle license at this 
point, I would not be able to judge how cars made 
by Daihatsu should drive.
On a different note, for this morning’s meeting, I 
asked for company leaders to be invited. From Toyota 
Motor, attendees even included the head coaches of 
sports teams and recreational study groups.
For that reason, this morning, I asked each compa-
ny to start by establishing their own master drivers.
Unfortunately, Toyota Group companies chose by 
titles—by titles and by roles. I think we differ on 
this point.
1 2
