
--- Page 2 ---
The Integrated Report 2022 is intended to communicate to stakeholders Toyota’s policies 
and strategies for addressing management issues to achieve its vision for the future. More 
detailed information is available from the Toyota Times website as well as Toyota’s other 
Contents
(Published November 2022)
2   Message from the President
reports and websites.
Toyota’s Reports and Publications
Integrated Report
Toyota Times website 
Securities Reports/SEC Filings
Sustainability Data Book
4   The Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us Toyota
  4  Our Founding Spirit
  5   The Toyoda Principles and  
Toyota Philosophy
  6   Toyota Production System (TPS)
  7   Toyota and Sports
Financial Results/Operating Results
Corporate Governance Report
8   Value Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of the Future
IR section of Toyota’s website 
Sustainability section of Toyota’s website 
Financial
Period Covered
Non-financial
  8   Making Ever-better Cars
16   Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
26   Software and Connected Initiatives
29    Commercial Sector Initiatives
30   Woven City
FY2022 (April 2021 to March 2022). Some initiatives in FY2023 (April to November 2022) 
31 Business Foundations for Value Creation
are also included.
Scope of Report
Initiatives and activities of Toyota Motor Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, etc., 
in Japan and overseas
Reference Guidelines
This report was prepared with reference to the International Integrated Reporting 
Framework issued by the IFRS Foundation.
About the PDF
This file is an interactive PDF and can be navigated by clicking on the following elements.
Main menu
Jump to the beginning of each of the report’s  
main sections 
Sub-menu
Jump to specific parts within each section 
Each section contains 
related pages of the report as well as 
 icons that link to  
 and 
Icons
icons that link to relevant web  
pages online.
* Requires an internet connection.
Message from 
the President
The Source of Our 
Value Creation:
 What Makes Us Toyota
Value Creation Story: 
Working toward the Mobility 
Society of the Future
Business Foundations 
for Value Creation
Corporate Data
 Our Founding Spirit  
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  
 Toyota Production System (TPS)  
 Toyota and Sports
The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy
With an eye toward “Producing Happiness 
for All” - Selections from the Q&A session of 
Toyota’s 1H/2Q financial results briefing
In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the 
Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the 
automotive business ramped up. The Toyoda Principles were 
compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees 
and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work. 
  The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, 
Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing 
Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths. This philosophy provided 
the answer to the fundamental question, “What is Toyota?” as 
a touchstone for the entire Group.
  The automotive industry is experiencing a once-in-a-century transfor-
mation. In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to 
automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.
  To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of 
uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, 
a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in 
a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and 
the traffic cones used to guide cars. 
What is Toyota?
Toyota Philosophy Cone
Sakichi Toyoda’s 
resolution
Facilities
Operations
Management is 
about people
Stakeholders
DNA
Toyota’s basic principles 
Toyoda Principles 
The Toyoda Principles, or Five 
Main Principles of Toyoda, 
have since been handed 
down to every Toyota Group 
company and serve as 
guidelines for all employees.
Modern Interpretation
•  We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, 
and communities.
•  We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting-edge technologies across the world. 
We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead 
the change.
•  We focus on work that is value-adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding 
superficial matters. 
•  We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing 
mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.
•  We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while 
also respecting the diversity of the world.
Five Main Principles 
of Toyoda 
MISSION
Toyota’s mission since its foundation
Producing Happiness for All
Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by 
himself. Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars. Many at the time said it 
was impossible.
  Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today. What they truly wanted to make 
was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work 
related to those products. The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all. 
  However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people. 
Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.
  Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create. Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life 
to such things. We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society. 
Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all. This is our mission, producing 
 happiness for all, and the core of what makes us Toyota
Sakichi Toyoda
Kiichiro Toyoda
VISION
The future vision that Toyota aspires to 
Creating Mobility for All
Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, 
businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a 
sustainable relationship with our planet. This is our new destination.
  Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and 
society closer. As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, 
including the “fun to drive” experience.
  And yet, challenges related to mobility persist. There are still many potential 
opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible 
with new possibilities. 
  “To move” can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being 
emotionally moved. It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life—to 
move hearts, minds, and bodies. To move society.
VALUE
Value that Toyota can promise to stakeholders
Toyota Way 
As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times. 
In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we 
must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and 
society. These tangible and intangible aspects together power 
Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new 
imagination. In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the 
perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.
  We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the 
other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique 
value. This is the new Toyota Way.
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
5
INTEGRATED REPORT
31   Message from the CSO
32   Roundtable Discussion with the  
Outside Directors
34   Dialogue with Institutional Investors on 
Corporate Governance
35   Corporate Governance
38    Message from the CFO
39   Capital Strategy
40    The Environment
44   Vehicle Safety
45   Quality and Information Security
46   Intellectual Property and Privacy
47   Value Chain Collaboration
49   Human Rights
50    Diversity and Inclusion
52   Human Resource Development
53   Health and Safety and  
Social Contribution Activities
54   Risk Management and Compliance
55 Corporate Data
55   Board of Directors and Audit  
& Supervisory Board Members 
58   Operating Officers and  
Organizational Structure
59   Global Perspective/Data by Region
60   History
61   Financial Summary
63   Corporate Information and  
Stock Information
 

--- Page 3 ---
Message from the President
I Believe in a Mobility Future That Only 
Carmakers Can Create
We are living in an era in which it is hard to 
accelerate CO2 reduction and zero 
predict the future. On top of the recent 
emission efforts.”
international tensions, strained supply of 
semiconductors, and soaring material 
I have continued to emphasize these 
prices, the CASE revolution is driving a 
core points. To move forward, I think 
transformation of car making itself. 
that, above all, we must put aside our 
Steering our business forward has never 
doubts and just take action. 
been more challenging.
Such efforts are not confined to hydrogen 
The Importance of Car 
engines. At any given moment, numerous 
engineers are grappling with new, 
unprecedented technologies across Toyota. 
Making Stories
My mission is to explore the path forward to 
to return Toyota to its origins, the philosophy 
the future while protecting jobs and the 
of “producing happiness for all.”
Over the past 13 years, I have been working 
livelihoods of our stakeholders. At Toyota, 
we do not want to leave anyone behind. 
That is why we are striving to extend the 
range of our technological options by 
leveraging the achievements of our 
engineers, including those who came 
“Let’s make ever-better cars.”
“Let’s aim to be best-in-town, rather than 
being the best in the world.”
This is certainly true for the development 
before us.
“Let’s work for the sake of others.”
Amid these turbulent conditions, for the 
of hydrogen engines. Hydrogen engines 
future of the planet and generations to 
are far from ready for commercial 
come, all of industry, indeed, all of 
release, but we have been striving to 
humanity must work to address the task of 
accelerate development by honing them 
creating a carbon-neutral world.
on the front lines of motorsport. The 
development of hydrogen engines could 
I began efforts toward this end by 
allow us to leverage our wealth of 
advocating for a proper understanding of 
internal combustion engine and, in turn, 
carbon neutrality.
protect the jobs of our colleagues who 
have dedicated so much to their work 
“Carbon is our enemy, not the internal 
with engines. 
combustion engine or a particular powertrain.”
“We must reduce CO2 emissions in all 
our engineers were quietly and diligently 
processes of producing, transporting, and 
advancing cross-company development 
This approach is only possible because 
using energy.”
since long before the term “carbon 
neutral” became as common as it is 
“It’s important to pursue carbon neutrality 
now. I had just one message for them: 
based on each country’s energy and 
Don’t stop because the future is 
infrastructure situation while keeping open 
unclear; because the future in unclear, 
an array of technological options to 
give it a try. 
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
2
2
INTEGRATED REPORT
Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY

--- Page 4 ---
important to place car making within the 
A Mobility Future That Only 
context of such stories. To me, our 
customers and stakeholders are the 
protagonists of these stories, along with 
Carmakers Can Create
We have reached this point after long 
years of struggle thanks to those who 
have supported us through both good 
and difficult times.
every individual working at Toyota’s genba.
Toyota is now transforming into a mobility 
Change at Toyota Is Apparent at 
the Genba
company. Our products and services  
may change in the future, but, even so,  
I believe in a mobility future that only 
carmakers can create.
We would not have been able to change 
without the understanding and backing of 
our stakeholders. 
“The future is something we create together.”
Our products, above all else, are the 
When asked what we do, I want Toyota 
“An industry united as one.”
tangible manifestation of the ways Toyota 
members to respond with pride, 
I have repeated these messages and 
has changed. Today, Toyota offers a wide 
demonstrated Toyota’s philosophy and 
variety of products that have become the 
skills through action at the genba (the front 
preferred choice of customers around the 
confidence, and ambition: “I make cars.”  
I see my mission as nurturing such 
individuals by passing on the legacy of 
lines) time and again, both as president 
world. I believe this is because the people 
Toyota’s skills and philosophy.
and as a master driver.
working at Toyota have changed.
Based on these principles, we will continue 
to blaze the trail forward to the future with 
our many partners and colleagues. 
By pursuing a best-in-town approach, we 
Toyota’s efforts at the genba are 
better understand what makes our 
underpinned by the many people, both 
customers and stakeholders happy and 
inside and outside the Company, who 
what doesn’t.
have provided support to ensure the 
success of each new project. These 
By focusing on making ever-better cars, 
diverse professionals work tirelessly, 
we discover the limits of what we can do 
acting with mutual respect, sharing 
by ourselves. We realize that, from 
expertise, and making steady 
development to after-sales, a car has a 
improvements to deliver ever-better cars 
useful life spanning more than 20 years 
to customers as quickly as possible.
that is profoundly intertwined with the lives 
of our customers.
Through these efforts, our colleagues 
strive to fulfill the philosophy of “producing 
By bringing car development into the 
happiness for all” using the time-honored 
world of motorsport, the demanding 
skills of the TPS. I am grateful for such 
conditions of racing allow us to hone both 
dedication, which I see as a clear sign of 
vehicles and people. I have always felt it 
real change at Toyota.
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION
3
3
INTEGRATED REPORT

--- Page 5 ---
Our Founding Spirit: For the Sake of Others 
Sakichi Toyoda Sought to Ease His 
Mother’s Burden
Sakichi Toyoda, the founder of the Toyota Group, 
was born the son of a carpenter in the village of 
Yamaguchi, now part of Kosai City, Shizuoka 
Prefecture, in 1867. Full of curiosity, Sakichi is said to 
have spent his early years reading a wide range of 
books, thinking about how he might make a contri-
bution to society. One day, Sakichi was thinking 
about his mother, and how every evening she toiled 
at her loom, weaving fabric late into the night. He 
wondered if there might be a way to make her work 
easier. At the time, weaving was a laborious process, 
requiring the use of both hands and legs to control 
the threads of warp and weft in sequence. At the 
age of 23, Sakichi invented his first loom, the Toyoda 
Wooden Hand Loom, which could be operated with 
only one hand and greatly increased efficiency. He 
patented the loom in May 1891. 
  Seeking to more dramatically increase capacity, 
Sakichi turned his attention to developing 
a  powered loom and invented Japan’s first, the 
Toyoda Power Loom, for which he received 
a  patent in August 1898. 
  Sakichi continued to invent and improve looms 
for more than two decades. This work came to 
head with the Non-Stop Shuttle Change Toyoda 
Automatic Loom, Type G, invented in 1924 in 
collaboration with his son, Kiichiro. 
  At the time, automatic looms had to be con-
stantly watched over by human operators so that 
they could intervene when unpredictable anoma-
lies, such as threads breaking, occurred. The Type 
G automatic loom used a mechanism to detect 
anomalies like running out of or breaks in the 
thread, stopping automatically in response. 
Sakichi’s first invention: 
The Toyoda wooden 
hand loom
(photo provided by the 
Toyota Commemorative 
Museum of Industry  
and Technology)
  Furthermore, the Type G automatically changed 
the loom’s shuttle when the thread was close to 
running out. When changing the shuttles holding 
the weft thread, operators previously had to use 
their mouths to suck the end of the thread through 
the eye of the shuttle, inhaling cotton dust, which 
caused problems in the lungs of many workers. 
Sakichi, Kiichiro, and the colleagues invented a way 
to pull the thread through using a simple manual 
action that took advantage of the thread’s tension. 
  The drive to serve others and make their work 
easier—like Sakichi’s desire to ease the burden of his 
mother and employees—was carried on by his son 
Kiichiro and remains a core value of Toyota today. 
  The Type G automatic loom was said to boast 
the best performance of any loom in the world, 
improving productivity more than twentyfold and 
dramatically increasing textile quality. The success 
of the Type G empowered Kiichiro Toyoda to take 
on the challenge of establishing a Japanese 
automotive industry, which many at the time, 
more than 80 years ago, considered beyond the 
capabilities of Japanese industry. This was the 
work to which he would dedicate the rest of his life. 
Making Domestic Cars and 
Establishing a Japanese Auto Industry
Kiichiro Toyoda, the son of Sakichi, was born in 
1894. After graduating from college in 1921, he went 
to work at Toyoda Boshoku, his father’s company, 
and traveled to Europe and the United States for the 
first time. In the 1920s, the streets of the United 
States were teeming with Ford Model Ts. The 
automotive era was dawning. In Japan, the number 
of imported automobiles was gradually rising, but 
their use was confined to the very wealthy. 
Model A1 passenger car proto-
type completion ceremony
Type G  
automatic loom
4
 Our Founding Spirit  
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  
 Toyota Production System (TPS)  
 Toyota and Sports
  Kiichiro was already determined to produce 
domestic cars and establish a Japanese auto 
industry. In 1926, Kiichiro was named managing 
director of the newly established Toyoda 
Automatic Loom Works, Ltd. and began studying 
automobiles in earnest. The company established 
an automotive department in September 1933 
and in 1934 officially entered the automotive 
business, completing its first engine prototype. 
In 1935, the first Toyoda Model A1 prototype 
passenger car was completed, and the Toyoda 
Model G1 Truck was announced. The very next 
year, in 1936, mass production of Model AA 
passenger cars commenced. Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. was established in 1937, with Kiichiro be-
coming its president in 1941. 
Management Crisis, Labor Disputes, 
and Commitment to Providing Employment 
In post-war 1949 Japan, measures to curb 
inflation rapidly stabilized prices, but the resulting 
reduction in the money supply plunged industry 
into serious funding shortages, triggering the 
so-called “Dodge Line Recession.” The prices of 
iron, steel, and other materials rose, but the 
officially fixed price of automobiles stood 
 unchanged, causing the profitability of the 
 automotive industry to decline significantly. 
In December of that year, Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. and its labor union signed a memorandum 
aimed at cooperating to overcome the crisis, 
stating that the Company was at all costs to avoid 
job cuts as a means of overcoming the crisis. 
Kiichiro had faced employment issues at Toyoda 
Automatic Loom Works during the Showa 
Depression in 1930 and was determined to never 
again allow such a situation to arise. His entry into 
the automotive industry had been in part a strate-
gy to diversify and thereby avoid the recurrence of 
employment problems, so he was, of course, 
resolved to avoid job cuts at all costs in the face 
of the 1949 business crisis.
In January 1950, negotiations with the Bank of 
Japan began on the Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. 
reconstruction plan. In April of that year, Toyota 
Motor Sales Co., Ltd. was established to resolve 
the problem of delays in payments for vehicles, 
a major cause of the Company’s financial troubles. 
Far from improving, however, the situation 
 worsened further. As the Company’s business 
results showed no sign of improvement, 
 labor-management negotiations with the Toyota 
Motor Co., Ltd. labor union deteriorated into a 
protracted dispute. During collective bargaining 
that April, the Company made reconstruction 
proposals centered on job cuts that the labor 
union could not accept, and the dispute 
 continued for another month and a half until 
a memorandum was finally signed in June. 
  Accepting responsibility for the labor disputes, 
Kiichiro Toyoda resigned as president of the 
Company in May 1950. In March 1952, he agreed 
to make his much-awaited return to the position, 
but, before he could do so, he passed away at 
the age of 57. Nevertheless, his aspirations were 
kept alive by his colleagues, who persevered with 
purely home-grown technologies as other 
Japanese automakers were forming technology 
alliances with U.S. and European manufacturers. 
These efforts led to the 1955 launch of the 
Toyopet Crown, the first passenger car to be 
developed and built entirely in Japan, a long-held 
dream of Kiichiro Toyoda. 
The Spirit of Sakichi and Kiichiro Toyoda
Born into a poor family, Sakichi Toyoda was 
driven to make others’ work easier, teaching 
himself in order to invent automatic looms and 
going on to build Toyota’s foundations. Not 
content to simply follow the easy path set by his 
father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of 
domestic car-making, which many at the time 
said was impossible, navigating tremendous 
social changes as he built the Company and the 
foundations of Japan’s automotive industry. The 
spirit they embodied—of striving to stay ahead of 
the times and endeavoring to be studious and 
creative for the betterment of lives and society—
lives on in Toyota today. It is the core of what 
makes us Toyota.
 
 
 

--- Page 6 ---
The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy
With an eye toward “Producing Happiness 
for All” - Selections from the Q&A session of 
Toyota’s 1H/2Q financial results briefing
 Our Founding Spirit  
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  
 Toyota Production System (TPS)  
 Toyota and Sports
In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the 
Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the 
automotive business ramped up. The Toyoda Principles were 
compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees 
and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work. 
  The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, 
Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing 
Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths. This philosophy provided 
the answer to the fundamental question, “What is Toyota?” as 
a touchstone for the entire Group.
  The automotive industry is experiencing a once-in-a-century transfor-
mation. In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to 
automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.
  To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of 
uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, 
a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in 
a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and 
the traffic cones used to guide cars. 
What is Toyota?
Toyota Philosophy Cone
Sakichi Toyoda’s 
resolution
Facilities
Operations
Management is 
about people
Stakeholders
DNA
Toyota’s basic principles 
Toyoda Principles 
The Toyoda Principles, or Five 
Main Principles of Toyoda, 
have since been handed 
down to every Toyota Group 
company and serve as 
guidelines for all employees.
Modern Interpretation
•  We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, 
and communities.
•  We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting-edge technologies across the world. 
We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead 
the change.
•  We focus on work that is value-adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding 
superficial matters. 
•  We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing 
mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.
•  We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while 
also respecting the diversity of the world.
Five Main Principles 
of Toyoda 
MISSION
Toyota’s mission since its foundation
Producing Happiness for All
Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by 
himself. Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars. Many at the time said it 
was impossible.
  Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today. What they truly wanted to make 
was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work 
related to those products. The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all. 
  However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people. 
Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.
  Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create. Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life 
to such things. We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society. 
Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all. This is our mission, producing 
 happiness for all, and the core of what makes us Toyota
Sakichi Toyoda
Kiichiro Toyoda
VISION
The future vision that Toyota aspires to 
Creating Mobility for All
Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, 
businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a 
sustainable relationship with our planet. This is our new destination.
  Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and 
society closer. As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, 
including the “fun to drive” experience.
  And yet, challenges related to mobility persist. There are still many potential 
opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible 
with new possibilities. 
  “To move” can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being 
emotionally moved. It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life—to 
move hearts, minds, and bodies. To move society.
VALUE
Value that Toyota can promise to stakeholders
Toyota Way 
As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times. 
In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we 
must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and 
society. These tangible and intangible aspects together power 
Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new 
imagination. In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the 
perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.
  We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the 
other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique 
value. This is the new Toyota Way.
5
 

--- Page 7 ---
 Our Founding Spirit  
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  
 Toyota Production System (TPS)  
 Toyota and Sports
Toyota Production System (TPS)
since its foundation, or even before then. Does anyone 
know what they are?
Participant A
I think they are “Just-in-Time” and “automation with a 
human touch,” or “Jidoka.”
Toyoda
That’s it! That’s what I wanted to hear! (everyone laughs)
  That’s why I volunteered to be the lecturer today to 
help kick off the TPS training program. Hopefully, I can 
help narrow the gap between my understanding
of Jidoka and Just-in-Time and yours.
  First of all, let’s talk about Jidoka. It’ll be easier to 
explain the concept by first looking at the automatic 
loom invented by Sakichi Toyoda. Thinking about his 
mother, and how she toiled to weave fabrics every eve-
ning and late into the night, the young Sakichi wondered 
if there might be a way to ease her burden.
When Sakichi developed his first automated loom, both 
hands were used to control the threads of warp and weft. 
His invention allowed his mother to operate a loom using 
only one hand. It also helped improve quality, increasing 
overall efficiency and dramatically improving productivity.
Often at Toyota, TPS is considered the process of making 
things efficient, and people talk about it as if changing 
work processes is TPS’s purpose. But, I think the pur-
pose should always be to make someone’s work easier.
2. Improving Productivity Was Not the 
Main Purpose
The Type G automatic loom is the machine that helped 
drive a redesign of Toyota’s business. Automatic looms 
back then were always monitored by one operator, 
based on a mindset of “one person, one machine.” 
Each person was the “guard” of their machine. This was 
because operators were unable to predict abnormalities.
With this automatic loom, Toyota was able to secure the 
capital required to shift its business model from an automatic 
loom manufacturer to a car manufacturer. This was because 
a world-leading automatic loom company in the United 
Kingdom asked Toyota to sell its automatic loom technology.
abnormalities at a time when there were no sensors.
  When the thread ran out, it automatically changed to 
another wooden shuttle with a new thread.
  The shuttle needs to have the thread end out on the 
surface. Before this machine was invented, workers had 
to suck it out themselves. The problem was that there 
was a lot of cotton dust in the air in textile factories, 
which could damage workers’ lungs when they inhaled 
deeply. Sakichi invented a new feature that automatically 
brought out the thread end. This invention was the result 
of Sakichi simply exploring a desire to do something for 
his team members on the manufacturing front lines who 
were suffering damage in their lungs.
  Thus, Sakichi determined what the abnormalities were 
and then came up with system to prevent or stop them. 
As a result, productivity improved—not the other way 
around. He did not do all this just to improve productivity.
3. How President Toyoda Sees Jidoka 
(Automation with a Human Touch)
In my view, Jidoka is about being centered on people. 
It’s about putting yourself in the shoes of someone 
working there. You can’t just issue orders to improve 
efficiency or reduce resources from the safety of your 
position far from the front lines. Toyota also has this 
idea about adjusting the work per person to match the 
full output of one unit of manpower (pursuing ichi-nin-
ku in Japanese).
This concept of ichi-nin-ku means the amount of work 
that one worker can or should accomplish in a day.
We all only have 24 hours in a day. This applies equally 
to everyone. And employees spend a lot of that time 
devoted to work for a company. Knowing this, supervi-
sors must make the work being done by team mem-
bers as meaningful as possible. That is what Toyota’s 
manufacturing front lines have been pursuing.
The focus is creating more free time for workers by elimi-
nating waste in work processes to reduce overtime. 
Pursuing ichi-nin-ku means valuing each person’s time.
4. How President Toyoda Sees Just-in-Time
The most common abnormalities that occurred when 
weaving fabric with automatic looms were when thread 
ran out or broke. The Type G was able to detect such 
A phrase that is commonly associated with the concept of 
Just-in-Time is “provide what is needed, when needed, in 
6
In May 2020, at Toyota’s financial results briefing, 
President Akio Toyoda reflected on the efforts the 
Company had made over the previous few years, saying:
“Over the past few years, we came to feverishly engage 
in both a fight to bring back what makes us Toyota 
and the complete redesign of Toyota for the future.”
Revisiting messages President Toyoda gave starting from 
a few years ago, two of the things he repeatedly has said 
that makes us Toyota are the Toyota Production System, 
or TPS, and cost reduction.
In August 2020, at Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan, 
a new training program was started to nurture a select 
group of “TPS leaders” from various divisions across the 
Company. To emphasize the importance of the program 
and to share his own thoughts about TPS, President 
Toyoda joined the kick-off session.
1. Sakichi Toyoda Sought to Ease His 
Mother’s Burdens
This training program was created for Toyota’s manage-
ment leaders who don’t work at manufacturing front 
lines to gain a deeper understanding of TPS in order to 
help the Company accelerate its efforts to bring back the 
essence of what makes it Toyota as it looks to complete-
ly redesign Toyota for the future.
Toyoda
I was a little concerned to hear today’s participants’ 
statement of determination to “change Toyota any way 
possible by utilizing what’s learned and obtained through 
this program.”
  There are two key concepts deeply rooted in Toyota 
What is the Toyota Production System?
Akio Toyoda’s View
the amount needed.” The key to understanding Just-in-
Time is the idea of “lead time,” the amount of time 
required for products or services to be delivered after they 
are ordered.
Toyoda
What comes to mind when you think about Just-in-Time?
  Taking a “what is needed when needed” approach, 
to respond quickly to customer needs, there would 
need to be a lot of inventory, right? One finished vehi-
cle consists of about 30,000 parts. So, it would follow 
that for a production line to flexibly produce orders 
quickly, a tremendous amount of inventory would need 
to on hand, right?
Participant B
But if we know and can meet what customers want...
Toyoda
Who do you mean by “customers”?
Participant B
Each downstream process... or our final end users.
Toyoda
But we sell around 10 million new vehicles annually, and 
that means we have the same number of customers. 
How can we understand what is needed by each specif-
ic customer? We can’t, so instead, we have to have a 
lean operation in place to detect abnormalities right away 
and halt the pipeline so that we can make improvements 
quickly. And that’s why we need Just-in-Time.
In this way, I think the key concept that makes Just-
in-Time easier to understand is “lead time.”
At Toyota, a common term for the next process in a 
workflow, whether it be in manufacturing or in an office, 
is “downstream process.” Those in the downstream are 
considered a “customer.” President Toyoda was trying to 
convince the participants to think of “Just-in-Time” in the 
context of the bigger picture, to consider not only the 
immediate downstream, but how things relate to the 
company as a whole to deliver Toyota’s vehicles to the 
end customers “just-in-time.”
5. Achieving the Lead Time of a Sushi Restaurant?
Take, for example, sushi. When you go to an authentic 
sushi restaurant, are the finished orders just waiting in 
front of the chef? I don’t think so. Each piece is made to 
order. You can’t prepare every specification in advance for 
10 million customers. It’s important to understand what 
we can’t do. The key, then, is trying to shorten lead time.
 
 

--- Page 8 ---
Toyota and Sports
Sports Embody the Values and 
Corporate Culture That Toyota 
Cherishes
Passion for Sports Passed Down Since 
Toyota’s Founding
Toyota’s passion for sports has been a constant 
since the Company’s founding in 1937. That same 
year, founder Kiichiro Toyoda organized Toyota’s 
first sports club, the track and field club. Since 
then, Toyota and its athletic clubs have grown and 
developed together. President Akio Toyoda 
explains why he thinks this came to be.
“More than 80 years ago, our founder Kiichiro 
Toyoda created a sports club along with the 
Automobile Division. But what was the sports 
club for? The spirit of “never giving up” and the 
spirit of working “for the team,” which encourag-
es effort on the behalf of others—I believe these 
were exactly the mindsets the founding mem-
bers needed as they recklessly took on the chal-
lenge of establishing an automotive industry in 
Japan. Kiichiro must have felt that sports could 
help strengthen the values they should cherish, 
creating Toyota as we know it today.
Sports Clubs Grow alongside the Company
 Our Founding Spirit  
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy  
 Toyota Production System (TPS)  
 Toyota and Sports
TOYOTA TEAMS & ATHLETES
Sports Clubs Grow alongside the Company
Following the track and field club, a judo club was 
created in 1938. As the years went on, Toyota 
added more sports clubs to its roster, notably 
soccer, rugby, and volleyball clubs. Club activities 
were put on hold during the war years but resumed 
in earnest thereafter. Four clubs, including men’s 
and women’s volleyball clubs, were established in 
1946 alone, and a total of twelve were set up in 
the five years from then to 1951. 
  1951 also marked the first-ever All-Toyota 
Games, an event in which Toyota Group compa-
nies competed with each other through various 
athletic events, representing growing enthusiasm 
for sports activities at Toyota. 
Opening ceremony of 
the All-Toyota Games  
in May 1965
In 1964, Tokyo hosted the Olympic and Paralympic 
Games, a proud moment for the country that led to 
increased popularity of corporate sports leagues 
and teams in Japan. Around this time, Toyota 
helped establish a corporate-backed sports 
league, the Japan League, to allow companies 
from across the country to come together in friend-
ly competition. Not only did this build solidarity 
among Toyota’s employees, it helped forge ties 
across Japan’s economic sector. It was also during 
this era that Toyota started to open and operate 
overseas, leading to a growing international view of 
the world, including with regard to sport activities.
  By the 1970s, Toyota had 35 different sports 
clubs divided among its primary working loca-
tions in Japan. For example, the Tokyo office had 
basketball, while track and field club was in Aichi 
Prefecture, where the Tahara Plant is located, 
and at the Higashi-Fuji Technical Center in 
Shizuoka Prefecture, it was soccer. Some of 
7
these clubs started to include athletes that par-
ticipated regularly in worldwide competitions. 
Sports had taken a prominent position in the 
minds of employees at Toyota.
Internationally, Toyota made the decision to 
become the main sponsor of the Toyota Europe/
South America Cup (Intercontinental Cup) soccer 
competition in the mid-1980s. This event brought 
together reigning champion clubs from the European 
and South American confederations in a competition 
to claim the distinction of the world’s top club team. 
The event was renamed the “Intercontinental Cup” in 
1984, and the “FIFA Club World Championship pre-
sented by Toyota” in the mid-2000s. Toyota contin-
ued to support the competition as its main sponsor 
for three decades until 2014.
Developing Sporting Equipment for the 
Paralympics—Seizing Opportunities to 
Transform into a Mobility Company 
Offering Freedom of Movement for All
It was around this time that the Olympic and 
Paralympic spirit spread to Toyota. In 2015, 
Toyota signed on to become the official worldwide 
mobility partner of the International Olympic and 
Paralympic Committees. 
  Approximately 300 Global Team Toyota Athletes 
from 50 countries and regions competed at the 
recent Olympic and Paralympic Games in Tokyo 
and Beijing. Toyota not only joined with Group 
members and partners around the world to cheer 
these athletes on, the Company worked with the 
event staff, developed sporting equipment, and 
supported athletes’ second careers. 
  We believe that sports are not just about competi-
tion; first and foremost they are about bringing peo-
ple together. In this spirit, we’ve worked with local 
chapters of the Special Olympics over the years, 
and in 2017 we became an official global partner. 
  The Special Olympics strives to create a better 
world by fostering the acceptance and inclusion 
of all people through sport and promotes Unified 
Sports, which joins people with and without intel-
lectual disabilities on the same teams in order to 
build relationships of mutual understanding and 
support. We see the opportunity to work with 
Special Olympics as a way to expand our own 
view of the world and help create a more inclu-
sive, harmonious society.
Sports Embody the Values of Toyota
Since its founding, Toyota has continued to 
believe in the power of sport to bring people 
together and boost morale, regardless of market 
conditions or the broader business challenges it 
faces. We are proud of the long history of our 
sports teams, and will continue to cherish them. 
The values of sport—taking on challenges, never 
giving up, teamwork, and respect—are also the 
values and corporate culture of Toyota. 
  Every day, across the globe, athletes demon-
strate the values of humility, hard work, determi-
nation, and perseverance. 
It is our admiration for these values that contin-
ues to drive us to support the creation of a more 
inclusive and sustainable society in which all peo-
ple can start their impossible.
 
 

--- Page 9 ---
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  
  Woven City
Making Ever-better Cars: Product-centered Management
At the November 2021 Nationwide 
Why is that? I think it is because Toyota 
preached to about cars by someone who 
The second key theme is “long sellers.”
Toyota Dealers Convention, President 
treats sports car development as the front 
didn’t know anything about them. But, he 
Toyota’s long sellers have included the Crown 
Toyoda Spoke About Product-
centered Management.
line for developing the skills and knowledge 
said, if I was interested, he would teach me 
and Corolla, which drove the motorization of 
that will be passed down as well as for 
to drive. That was the start of my journey, 
Japan, as well as the Prius, which created 
human resource development. For Toyota, 
under the new nickname Morizo, to 
the hybrid electric vehicle market. More rug-
Over the decades, Toyota has provided 
of renewal and rebirth carried out every  
sports car development has been like a rite 
becoming a master driver.
ged long sellers include the Land Cruiser, 
Hiace, and Probox. The Coaster and Century 
society with a wide range of products 
20 years.
From there, though a decade late, Toyota 
were long sellers, too. Indeed, Toyota boasts 
aimed at meeting customer needs, begin-
went on to develop the LFA in the 2010s, 
numerous models that have been beloved by 
ning with the Toyoda Model AA in 1936. 
Following this cycle, the next generation of 
recapturing the “secret sauce,” that flavor 
customers for decades.
Looking back on our history of car marking, 
Toyota sports cars should have hit the scene 
unique to Toyota and Lexus cars.
I see two key themes.
in the 2000s. They did not.
Despite this, when Toyota was focusing on 
We went on to revive the 86 and the Supra
the number of vehicles sold and making vehi-
The first is “sports cars.”
Around that time, Toyota was growing its vehi-
as well, but all of these were made in collabo-
cles mainly for overseas markets, the position 
cle sales, mainly outside Japan, and pursuing 
ration with outside partners. We still wanted 
of long-selling cars within the Company shift-
The 1960s were a key era for Toyota’s sports 
scale expansion. Amid that push, the role of 
to once again make a sports car that would 
ed greatly. The Crown and Corolla began to 
cars. This decade saw the birth of many 
its old renewal rite was forgotten, and sports 
be all our own. This dream led to the devel-
undergo regular model changes based solely 
sports cars that would eventually achieve 
cars disappeared from Toyota’s vehicle lineup.
opment of the GR Yaris.
legendary status, such as the Publica Sports, 
on an annual schedule, while rugged vehicles 
like the Land Cruiser and Hiace no longer 
Sports 800, and 2000GT. Then, in the 1980s, 
I was not the only one who sensed how 
For years, I have constantly been talking 
had model changes at all. These long-selling 
Toyota launched the Supra, MR2, Celica, and 
dangerous this was. Our test drivers, in 
about “ever-better car making.” Now, as the 
cars had been beloved by customers and an 
Levin/Trueno. In this way, Toyota has created 
fact, felt the danger more keenly than I did. 
number of my colleagues taking action with 
integral part of their lives for so long, but now 
sports cars that bring together the most cut-
I think that feeling was part of why Hiromu 
me has grown, this has evolved into 
it was considered unimportant for them to 
ting-edge technological prowess of the era 
Naruse, then Toyota’s chief test driver, told 
“ever-better car making from a starting point 
change or evolve.
every two decades.
me, very frankly, that he didn’t want to be 
in motorsports.”
Sports 800
MR2
Supra
Publica Sports
Levin/Trueno
LFA
GR Yaris
2000GT
Celica
8

--- Page 10 ---
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  
  Woven City
However, I believe that only by constantly
turning, and stopping—a solid platform  
The second pillar is the in-house company 
the “flavor” of the products we put out. A 
changing to meet the needs of the times can 
is essential.
system. A defining characteristic of Toyota is 
president who is able to definitively say “no” 
a car be a long seller. We have already begun 
its full lineup of diverse vehicles that meet a 
to projects, even ones that our development 
working to reclaim this approach.
However, creating a new platform and pro-
comprehensive range of customer needs.
teams have worked hard on, if they don’t 
moting standardization is not so easy. I 
have that unique Toyota/Lexus flavor.
The Vitz, as it was known in Japan, was uni-
found myself wishing that Toyota had moved 
Offering a full lineup means that we must 
fied under the name Yaris, which had taken 
away from the one-model, one-platform 
always have people who are passionate and 
Morizo, master driver, and president of Toyota.
root overseas, and we expanded its lineup to 
approach and implemented platform reforms 
responsible about creating cars in all genres, 
include the GR Yaris and Yaris Cross. 
while its sales volumes and revenues had 
from sports cars to commercial vehicles. 
Wearing these three hats at once, I have gone 
Similarly, the Corolla lineup saw the addition 
been expanding.
Ensuring this is the true objective of the 
to front lines myself and worked alongside my 
of the Corolla Sport and Corolla Cross. Our 
in-house company system.
colleagues these past 12 years. I am sure that 
strategy was to build a lineup tailored to cur-
During the very difficult time after the 2008 
all of that effort shows in our products.
rent needs while leveraging the brand 
global financial crisis, when Toyota fell into 
The lure of increasing unit sales and revenue 
strength of our long sellers.
the red and we could not increase unit sales, 
in the short term is hard to resist. This is why 
By continuing to make ever-better cars, our 
we all had to grit our teeth and work even 
we must nurture people and organizations 
brand will continue to evolve. This is what I 
harder. The fruit of this labor was a powerful 
capable of focusing and placing the highest 
believe to be the essence of product-
“Let’s make ever-better cars.” 
tool—the TNGA.
priority on creating the cars that Toyota and 
centered management. It means not aiming to 
This idea was the impetus for the transforma-
society really need.
tion of Toyota’s car making. Three pillars sup-
I believe that it is precisely because we have 
be the biggest in the world in terms of units sold, 
but aiming to be the best in town by creating 
ported this transformation.
the TNGA that we are able to restore the 
The final pillar is a figure at the top who can 
better cars that bring smiles to customers’ faces.
sports cars and long sellers that for so many 
take final responsibility. It’s embarrassing to 
The first pillar, and the first that we took on, 
years have supported the Toyota brand to 
say so myself, but I think that one thing that 
At first, when I spoke about making ever- 
was the Toyota New Global Architecture 
their proper places and tackle the challenge 
sets Toyota apart, that it has and other OEMs 
better cars, few understood me, or tried. 
(TNGA). To achieve excellent performance in 
of building up their lineups.
don’t, is a master driver in top management. 
However, thanks to the support of my col-
the basic functions of a car—propulsion, 
A president who can take responsibility for 
leagues who believed in me and to the support 
History of Toyota’s car making 
The three pillars of ever-better car making 
Two key words 
1. Sports cars 
2. Long sellers 
1. Platform reforms via the TNGA
2.  In-house company system transforming people 
and organizations 
3.  A master driver in top management taking  
final responsibility 
9
of our dealers, I think that Toyota’s products 
have slowly but surely changed for the better.
Going forward, we will continue to do our 
utmost to make ever-better cars.
I hope to convey the heart and the story of 
Toyota, which we put into every product, to 
all our dealers and as many customers as 
possible. Nothing would please me more 
than if that story were to become one of the 
many new stories connecting the hearts of
our dealers and customers.
 
 

--- Page 11 ---
 Making Ever-better Cars  
 Software and Connected Initiatives  
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality
 Commercial Sector Initiatives  
  Woven City
This Is Japan’s Crown!
The new Crown, Toyota’s flagship car, made its world premier on July 15, 2022. President Akio Toyoda 
spoke about the passion behind the many generations of the Crown to date and what it means to him 
to deliver the 16th-generation Crown—a car that represents Toyota and Japan and has undergone a 
major transformation from previous models—to customers around the world. 
The Story of the Crown
The Crown’s Foundation: 
Generations 1 to 3
The Crown’s origin can be traced back to 
Toyota’s founding era. 90 years ago, our 
founder Kiichiro Toyoda decided to take on 
the challenge of entering the automobile 
business. Driving this ambitious dream was 
his philosophy of enriching the lives of the 
Japanese people by creating a passenger 
car for the masses.
  Production of Toyota’s longed-for domestic 
passenger car finally began in January 1952, 
15 years after the Company’s founding. 
Kiichiro himself named the vehicle “Crown.”
  Appointed as the Crown’s chief engineer 
was Kenya Nakamura. Driven by a strong 
sense of mission, Nakamura put all his  
energy into developing the Crown. He 
approached the task with the conviction to 
do what he thought was right despite strong 
opposition and criticism. No latest technolo-
gy was ignored in the Crown’s creation, 
including a double-wishbone suspension for 
the front wheels.
Photographs by Noriaki Mitsuhashi / N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY
Reminiscing about the launch, Nakamura 
said, “It was like all of Japan was in the midst 
of a festival. When I apologized for something 
that wasn’t good enough, customers con-
soled me by saying ‘It’s just a tiny scratch. 
No big deal.’ It was like the whole country 
was giving me a boost forward.”
In 1957, the Crown participated in an 
Australian rally, making it the first Japanese 
car to race in an international rally. Soon 
after, Toyota took another bold step by 
exporting the vehicle to the United States, 
marking its first passenger car export.
  Then, in 1959, Toyota opened its 
Motomachi Plant specifically for producing 
passenger cars. Building a mass-production 
plant with an annual capacity of 60,000 units 
was a major decision, given that Japan’s pas-
senger car market was still in its infancy.
  For Toyota, all its post-war challenges 
started with the first-generation Crown. I 
would say that car symbolized Japan’s 
recovery and growth momentum.
1 0
President Toyoda’s message to 
the world: “This is Japan’s Crown!”
issues, sales struggled. The lesson learned 
from this model, and taken to heart to this 
day, was this: The Crown must first and 
foremost meet customers’ core needs.
  From that point on, successive chief 
engineers pursued Crown development 
with great care to balance innovation and 
customer expectations. That approach to 
car-making bore fruit in the development of 
the seventh and eighth generations, led by 
chief engineer Kenichi Imaizumi. With its 
“Someday, a Crown” tagline, the seventh 
generation became a status symbol in 
Japan, followed by the eighth generation, 
which achieved the highest sales volume in 
Crown history.
I joined Toyota in 1984, and my first work-
place was the Motomachi Plant. I was 
involved in the production preparation for the 
eighth generation, and I still remember how 
everyone took pride in their work. In the 
1980s, the Crown had undoubtedly become 
Japan’s flagship car. However, its growth 
peaked there. The Crown entered hard times 
from the ninth generation onward.
The Crown’s Transformation: 
Generations 9 to 15
To start with, the Crown’s positioning within 
Toyota changed. In 1989, Toyota launched 
the Lexus LS in Japan as the Toyota Celsior. 
This marked a major turning point in the his-
tory of the Crown, which had long served as 
Toyota’s flagship car.
  The third-generation Crown was launched 
in 1967, the year that personal vehicle own-
ership began to take off in Japan. Kameo 
Uchiyamada took the reins as chief engineer 
after participating in the second-generation 
car’s development under Nakamura’s tute-
lage. Looking at cars in a parking lot, 
Uchiyamada noticed that lighter colors 
seemed to be gaining in popularity. 
Anticipating that more people would be 
using a Crown as a personal vehicle, he 
decided to make the third generation avail-
able in white. Widely known as the White 
Crown, this model became a driving force in 
Japan’s motorization.
  The years covered by the first three gen-
erations of the Crown constitute the car’s 
foundational period.
The Crown Comes into Its Own 
Generations 4 to 8
Over the next two decades, the Crown 
matured, developing a unique presence 
sought out by customers.
  Launched in 1971, the fourth generation 
adopted daring new styling for a new image 
in anticipation of intensified competition from 
foreign cars. However, partly due to quality 
 
 
 
 
