
--- Page 6 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
Letter to our Shareholders 
We continued our transformation toward electric, digital mobility and strengthened our financial resilience 
in  fiscal  year  2022.  I  am  delighted  with  the  remarkable  effort  made  by  our  team  of  more  than  
675,000 employees. Our robust financial situation will enable us to make a strong investment in the future 
in 2023. The automotive industry will change more in the next five years than in the previous 50. In my new 
role as the Group’s CEO, I want to make our company even more successful, even more sustainable and even 
more valuable in the new era of electric and digital mobility.  
We  are  well  prepared  for  this  transformation  both  strategically  and  financially.  The  Volkswagen  Group 
achieved a solid result in 2022 and improved its profitability. And it did so in a challenging environment. Our 
continued  price  and  cost  discipline  and  improvements  in  the  mix  contributed  to  this  result.  As  a  conse-
quence, we increased our operating result before special items by €2.5 billion to €22.5 billion. Sales revenue 
rose by 11.6% to €279.2 billion thanks to improvements in the mix and in our price positioning. 
We are pleased that we can also let you, our shareholders, share in this success. The Board of Management 
and Supervisory Board propose a dividend of €8.70 per ordinary share and €8.76 per preferred share, a year-
over-year increase of €1.20 per ordinary and preferred share, respectively. 
My personal highlight in fiscal year 2022 was Porsche’s IPO. The IPO marked a historic day and Porsche is 
more independent and agile. Its new independence allows the brand to gain even more momentum. At the 
same time, the IPO brought in proceeds of around €16 billion for the Group. This means our Automotive 
Division closed fiscal year 2022 with net liquidity of €43 billion.  
One priority in the past year was to strengthen the robustness of our global operations. In view of geopolitical 
developments such as nationalism or protectionism, we will further diversify our business globally.  
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
We  are  the  market  leader  in  Europe  and  China  and  aim  to  hold  this  position.  At  the  same  time,  we  have 
expanded  our  business  in  the  United  States  and  have  an  ambitious  growth  plan.  Local  production  of  the 
Volkswagen ID.4 has started at the plant in Chattanooga. With our newly launched Scout project, we plan to 
enter the attractive US pickup and rugged SUV market. In Canada, we have started the search for a site for a 
battery gigafactory. Growing electrification of the US automotive industry is creating the biggest strategic 
growth  opportunity  for  the  Group  in  the  market.  In  China,  we  will  continue  to  invest  in  e-mobility  and 
software.  Together  with  Horizon  Robotics,  the  Group  will  press  ahead  with  developing  driver  assistance 
systems and highly automated driving in China. 
Another priority in the past year was our company’s financial robustness. The aim is to make more efficient 
use of our capital. We are sharpening our focus on return and net cash flow. I am determined to increase the 
value of our company in a sustainable manner. That is why last year we began creating virtual equity stories 
for our brands, brand groups and value drivers in the Group. In this way we aim to make the Group’s strengths 
more visible and increase value in the long term. We will report on the initial results in the second quarter of 
2023. 
In 2022, we also took a major step forward in our transformation towards sustainable mobility, and increased 
the share of electric vehicles relative to total deliveries. Almost 7% of all the vehicles we delivered worldwide 
were powered by electricity alone. Overall, we sold 572,000 e-cars, a good 26% more than in the previous year. 
This year, we are aiming for electric vehicles to account for  around 10% of our sales. TRATON will also continue 
to push forward with the electrification of its buses and trucks.  
A faster ramp-up of e-mobility requires us to expand our battery capacities and charging networks. In 2022, 
we  pooled  our  battery  cell  manufacturing  activities  within  the  newly  established  PowerCo  battery  unit. 
Following the groundbreaking ceremony last July, our very first battery cell factory is currently being built in 
Salzgitter,  and  we  have  already  decided  on  the  locations  for  three  of  the  planned  six  battery  factories  in 
Europe. In the past fiscal year, we launched a joint venture with Enel in Italy and strengthened our partner-
ship with bp in Europe in order to expand the charging network for our customers. Alongside progress with 
our Electrify America charging network in the USA and CAMS in China, this has brought us a step closer to 
our goal of creating 45,000 fast charging points worldwide by 2025. 
Electric  mobility  is  the  greatest  lever  in  achieving  our  objective  of  net  carbon  neutrality  in  2050.  A  con-
siderable difference is also made by a more intense use of green electricity, which we already employ for the 
entire  external  power  supply  at  our  European  plants.  Furthermore,  I  am  delighted  that  the  prestigious 
Science Based Targets Initiative has honored our more stringent CO2 targets in production. We aim to reduce 
production-related CO2 emissions from our passenger cars and light commercial vehicles by 50% by 2030, an 
improvement on the initial goal of 30%.  
One of our most pressing issues last year was the reorganization of our software activities. Establishing our 
automotive software unit CARIAD was very clearly the right decision, and now we have taken CARIAD a step 
further: we have examined which core competencies we will cater for in house and where partnerships make 
more sense. We have redefined the interfaces to our brands and optimized processes and tools. Our long-
term goal continues to be the development of uniform software for the Group that allows us to fully leverage 
the economies of scale.  
5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 8 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
Last  year,  we  also  expanded  our  mobility  solutions  further  in  order  to  meet  the  mobility  needs  of  our 
customers in the best way possible both now and in the future. Together with partners, we acquired Europcar 
and  recently  launched  the  pilot  phase  of  our  new  mobility  platform  in  Vienna.  This  app  will  cover  the 
ecosystem  of  mobile  services  across  all  brands,  from  subscription  models  for  several  months,  through 
leasing, to car sharing for a few minutes. 
Together with my Board of Management team, I set out from day one to give the Volkswagen Group a new 
format.  One  that  is  strong,  robust,  resilient,  digital  and  sustainable.  In  2022,  we  took  stock  of  the  most 
important areas of action, tackled a large number of issues and made many decisions. The direction has been 
set with our new ten-point plan.  
We  will  start  implementing  the  plan  this  year  and  will  report  regularly  on  progress.  Our  goal  is  to  play  a 
leading  role  in  the  market  for  e-mobility,  too,  with  first-class  products  and  services  that  boast  persuasive 
design  and  technology,  and  a  convincing  user  experience.  We  continue  to  work  on  achieving  a  globally 
balanced presence in Europe, in China, and with a strong third pillar in North America. And we are controlling 
our  brands  and  platforms  by  means  of  binding  key  performance  indicators,  while  at  the  same  time 
promoting entrepreneurship and sustainable value creation. 
These  are  all  tasks  that  we  are  tackling  together  as  a  team.  I  warmly  invite  you  to  join  the  Board  of 
Management team and me as we implement our strategy in 2023. 
Sincerely, 
Oliver Blume 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
