
--- Page 3 ---
To our Shareholders
Letter to our Shareholders
The Board of Management of Volkswagen 
An unsere  Ak tionäre
Aktiengesellschaft 
Brief an unsere Aktionärinnen und Aktionäre
Report of the Supervisory Board
Der Vorstand der Volkswagen  
Aktiengesellschaft
Bericht des Aufsichtsrats
Divisions
Brands and Business Fields
Volkswagen Passenger Cars
Konzernb ereiche
Škoda
Marken und Geschäftsfelder
SEAT/CUPRA
Volkswagen Pkw
Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles 
Škoda
Audi
SEAT/CUPRA
Porsche
Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge
TRATON GROUP
Audi
Volkswagen Group China 
Porsche
Volkswagen Financial Services
TRATON GROUP
Volkswagen Group China
Volkswagen Finanzdienstleistungen
C orporate G overnance
Group Corporate Governance Declaration
Members of the Board of Management
C orporate G overnance
Members of the Supervisory Board and 
Konzernerklärung zur Unternehmensführung
Composition of the Committees
Mitglieder des Vorstands
Remuneration Report
Mitglieder des Aufsichtsrats und Besetzung 
der Ausschüsse
Vergütungsbericht
04
08
04
10
08
10
18
21
23
18
25
21
27
23
29
25
31
27
33
29
35
31
37
33
35
37
41
56
58
41
56
61
58
61
G roup  Management 
 Repor t
Goals and Strategies
Konzernl ageb ericht
Internal Management System and  
Ziele und Strategien
Key Performance Indicators 
Steuerung und Kennzahlen
Structure and Business Activities 
Struktur und Geschäftstätigkeit
Disclosures Required under Takeover Law 
Übernahmerechtliche Angaben
Business Development 
Geschäftsverlauf
Shares and Bonds
Aktie und Anleihen
Results of Operations, Financial Position and 
Ertrags-, Finanz- und Vermögenslage
Net Assets 
Volkswagen AG (Kurzfassung nach HGB)
Volkswagen AG (condensed, in accordance 
Nachhaltige Wertsteigerung
with the German Commercial Code)
EU-Taxonomie
Sustainable Value Enhancement 
Prognosebericht
EU Taxonomy
Risiko- und Chancenbericht
Report on Expected Developments 
Aussichten für das Jahr 2024
Report on Risks and Opportunities 
Outlook for 2024
Konzernabschlus s
C onsolidate d   
Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung
F inancial  S t atements
Gesamtergebnisrechnung
Income Statement
Bilanz
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Eigenkapitalentwicklung
Balance Sheet
Kapitalflussrechnung
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Anhang
Cash Flow Statement
Versicherung der gesetzlichen Vertreter
Notes
Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Responsibility Statement
Abschlussprüfers
Independent Auditor’s Report
Prüfungsvermerk zum Vergütungsbericht
Independent Auditor’s Report 
(on the Remuneration Report)
Weitere  Informationen
Fünf-Jahres-Übersicht
Additional  Information
Finanzwirtschaftliche Kennzahlen
Five-Year Review
Glossar
Financial Key Performance Indicators
Termine
Glossary
Scheduled Dates
93
99
93
99
102
102
106
106
109
109
125
125
133
133
152
152
157
196
157
213
196
222
213
263
222
263
267
268
267
270
268
272
270
273
272
274
273
442
274
443
442
443
457
457
459
460
460
461
461
464
462
465

--- Page 4 ---
Dieser Geschäftsbericht ist zur Jahrespressekonferenz am 13. März 2024 erschienen. Wir bitten unsere Leserinnen und 
Leser um Verständnis, dass wir aus Gründen der Sprachvereinfachung keine geschlechterspezifischen Formulierungen 
verwenden. Die gewählte Form steht stellvertretend für alle Geschlechter. 
This annual report was published on the occasion of the Annual Media Conference on March 13, 2024. 
Dieser Geschäftsbericht enthält Aussagen zum künftigen Geschäftsverlauf des Volkswagen Konzerns. Diesen Aussagen 
liegen Annahmen zur Entwicklung der wirtschaftlichen, politischen und rechtlichen Rahmenbedingungen einzelner 
This annual report contains forward­looking statements on the business development of the Volkswagen Group. 
Länder, Wirtschaftsräume und Märkte, insbesondere für die Automobilbranche, zugrunde, die wir auf Basis der uns vor­
liegenden Informationen getroffen haben und die wir zurzeit als realistisch ansehen. Die Einschätzungen sind mit Risiken 
These statements are based on assumptions relating to the development of the economic, political and legal environment 
behaftet, und die tatsächliche Entwicklung kann von der erwarteten abweichen. Sollten sich wesentliche Parameter 
in individual countries, economic regions and markets, and in particular for the automotive industry, which we have 
bezüglich unserer wichtigsten Absatzmärkte ändern oder sich wesentliche Veränderungen bei den für den Volkswagen 
made on the basis of the information available to us and which we consider to be realistic at the time of going to press. 
The estimates given entail a degree of risk, and actual developments may differ from those forecast. Any changes 
Konzern relevanten Währungskursverhältnissen, Energie­ und sonstigen Rohstoffen oder in der Teile versorgung ergeben, 
in significant parameters relating to our key sales markets, or any significant shifts in exchange rates, energy and 
wird das unsere Geschäftsentwicklung entsprechend beeinflussen. Darüber hinaus kann es auch zu Abweichungen 
von der voraussichtlichen Geschäftsentwicklung kommen, wenn sich die in diesem Geschäftsbericht dargestellten 
other commodities or the supply of parts relevant to the Volkswagen Group will have a corresponding effect on the 
Einschätzungen zu den Faktoren nachhaltiger Wertsteigerung sowie zu Risiken und Chancen anders entwickeln, als 
development of our business. In addition, there may be departures from our expected business development if the 
derzeit von uns erwartet, oder sich zusätzliche Risiken beziehungsweise Chancen oder sonstige den Geschäfts verlauf 
assessments of the factors influencing sustainable value enhancement and of risks and opportunities presented in this 
annual report develop in a way other than we are currently expecting, or if additional risks and opportunities or other 
beeinflussende Faktoren ergeben.
factors emerge that affect the development of our business. 

--- Page 5 ---
To  our Shareholders
An unsere Ak tionäre
04
04
08
08
10
10
Letter to our Shareholders
Brief an unsere Aktionärinnen und Aktionäre
The Board of Management of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
Der Vorstand der Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft
Report of the Supervisory Board
Bericht des Aufsichtsrats

--- Page 6 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
Letter to our Shareholders 
Growth that enhances value for years to come: that is the Volkswagen Group's objective. For our investors, for our 
customers, for our employees and for society as a whole.  
Amidst  a  demanding  environment,  we  delivered  robust  results  in  fiscal  year  2023.  We  increased  deliveries  to 
customers by 12% to 9.24 million vehicles, with all regions contributing to this growth. In China, the Group’s largest 
single  market,  we  expanded  by  1.6%  despite  a  very  challenging  market  environment.  At  the  same  time,  the 
Volkswagen Group successfully continued its transformation, delivering 771,100 all-electric vehicles, up 34.7% 
compared with the previous year. In Europe, we further consolidated our strong market position in this segment.  
Our  robust  financial  performance  reflects  our  customers'  satisfaction  in  our  products.  With  sales  revenue  of 
€322.3 billion,  an  operating  result  of  €22.6  billion  and  a  resulting  operating  return  on  sales  of  7%,  we  have 
demonstrated the resilience of our business model. These results were achieved despite substantial headwinds 
from the measurement of commodity derivatives, which had had a beneficial effect on the operating result in the 
previous year. Another successful outcome of our endeavors was that we generated convincing net cash flow in 
the  Automotive  Division  on  the  back  of  earnings  of  €10.7  billion.  What’s  more,  the  Automotive  Division’s  net 
liquidity of €40.3 billion at the end of 2023 puts us in a very solid position.    
The Volkswagen Group delivers. Again and again. And it does so reliably, even in a market environment charac-
terized by uncertainty. We are proud of our strong performance, and it is important to us that our shareholders also 
participate in this result. The Board of Management and Supervisory Board therefore propose a dividend of €9.00 
per ordinary share and €9.06 per preferred share.  
Our focus is on electrification. At the same time, we are seeing that the ramp-up of e-mobility in some regions, 
such as North America and Europe, is progressing at a slower rate than previously assumed. Other countries, such 
as China, continue to impress with the speed of their transformation. This is why the Volkswagen Group is pursuing 
powertrain  flexibility  and  financial  robustness.  Our  unique  portfolio  provides the  right  products  for  customers. 
While we are investing extensively in the ramp-up of e-mobility, we continue to offer highly competitive, efficient 
and attractive combustion-engine models. By including both these models and our hybrid and electric vehicles in 
our portfolio, we ensure maximum flexibility without losing sight of our goal – the transition to e-mobility is our 
priority.   
4

--- Page 7 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
The Top 10 program again guided the success of our operational and strategic actions in the past year. We set 
priorities,  and  in  doing  so  follow  a  clear  and  transparent  logic:  specific  milestones,  clear  responsibilities  and 
regular progress reviews. One of the key points of the program is to align our company with the capital market. 
The development of virtual equity stories for all Volkswagen Group brands was an important element in this pursuit. 
To  us,  investors  are  more than  an  important  source  of  impetus:  as  shareholders, they  are  part  of  our  company. 
Generating  added value  for them, together  with  all  other  stakeholders,  is  a  key  component  of  how  we  see  our 
corporate governance role. This was one of the motivations for the Group Board of Management to seek intensive 
dialog with the capital market; as part of personal discussions at investor conferences in the world’s most impor-
tant financial centers or at our Capital Markets Day held at the Hockenheimring in June 2023.  
2023 was a year of realignment and restructuring for the Volkswagen Group. In many areas, we made faster prog-
ress than originally planned and expected. A lot of streamlining has been completed, and we are forging ahead 
with other tasks. We are transforming ourselves. The ground has been prepared: we are turning from renovator to 
architect and builder all in one. We have a plan and a clear view of the strengths and potential of the Volkswagen 
Group. We know where we are heading. We know the way. Our focus is on implementation. We are moving ahead, 
step by step and day by day, making visible, measurable progress.  
The Group’s strength lies in the strength of its brands. No other company offers such a compelling, strong and 
unique product portfolio. We cater to our customers' wishes in all segments and across all vehicle categories. We 
set high standards for the quality and design of our vehicles. In the past, we did not always meet these standards 
– our own and those of our customers – to the fullest extent. Last year, we established ambitious quality and design 
programs across all brands, drawing on synergies and lessons learned from all players in the Volkswagen Group
team. Initial results have shown that we are on the right track. 2024 will be a record year for new models. The
launch of our first vehicles on the all-electric premium PPE platform, the Audi Q6 e-tron and the Porsche Macan,
is an important milestone. They mark the establishment of a new generation of powerful, attractive models.
We have lived up to our responsibility in the interest of generations, for generations. Our brands and our products 
must be viable for the future. To achieve this, we have to make a strong investment in the future. We have to be in 
a position to finance this goal, which is why we have agreed clear targets with all brands and launched effective 
performance programs. These programs are not just to make cost savings: they are a unique opportunity to shape 
things.  We  want  to  prepare  the  brands  for  future  success,  which  includes  new  sources  of  revenue.  It’s  about 
sustainably increasing our profitability.  
Living up to our responsibility also means that we think of sustainability holistically, mindful of the natural environ-
ment, people, society and value-creating entrepreneurship. We have launched ambitious, structured programs in 
the Volkswagen Group and in all the brands. Meeting the targets set in these programs is the personal respon-
sibility of the managers. An important element of our sustainability strategy is our commitment to decarbonization. 
Production is one of the key levers in this regard: by 2030, we aim to cut production-related CO2 emissions from 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles by 50% compared with the base year 2018. The prestigious Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has confirmed that, by setting this target for the production phase (Scope 1 and 
Scope 2), our company will meet the requirements for contributing to limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
The target to reduce CO2 emissions during the use phase (Scope 3) by 30% has been confirmed by the SBTi as 
compliant with limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius. These confirmations are an incentive for us.  
5

--- Page 8 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
The Volkswagen Group team stands for a new leadership mindset. Together, we have committed ourselves to a 
clear stance: one of entrepreneurship and individual responsibility, a winning stance. Volkswagen – our joint enter-
prise. Those are our tasks. And it is for us to solve them.  
In 2023, we homed in on one of our key skills, technology leadership, which is an integral part of Volkswagen’s 
DNA. The customers of our strong and captivating brands benefit from an intelligent platform strategy. This is also 
the key to creating greater efficiency, using synergies and building economic resilience in challenging and fiercely 
competitive times. In this process, we think from the customer’s perspective and are able to offer attractive vehi-
cles with attractive solutions at an attractive price. With the realignment of our architectures, the establishment 
of  technology  profiles,  progress  in  implementing  the  battery  strategy  and  the  expansion  of  high-performance 
charging networks, we have already achieved important milestones. The realignment of our software activities 
also is a powerful lever in the revision of our technology strategy. We focus on our core competencies, and also 
collaborate with a strong network of high-performing partners.   
The Volkswagen  Group  thinks  global  and  acts  local.  We  want  to  remain  strong  in  Europe  and  China  and  take 
advantage of our growth opportunities in North America. We do so with products tailored to the various require-
ments  of  our  customers  in  different  regions.  Our  strategy  for the  largest  single  market  is  entitled “In  China  for 
China”, and our actions have reflected the meaning of these words. In Hefei, we established Volkswagen China 
Technology Company last year. Today, more than 2,000 technology experts are already working here on the future 
of Chinese automaking. We aim to cut the development time for new products and technology by around 30% 
compared to the status quo to be in line with “China speed”. We are also making our product substance in China 
more  Chinese.  Our  cooperations  with  strong  partners  such  as  XPeng,  Thundersoft  and  Horizon  Robotics  are 
helping to make this possible: we will continue to work on the development of vehicles that are fully aligned with 
the needs of Chinese customers. In the North America region, we have taken significant steps forward by making 
fundamental strategy decisions such as on increasingly localized production, the construction of a battery cell 
plant  in  Ontario,  Canada,  and  the  revival  and  electrification  of  the  traditional  Scout  brand.  Here  we  will  make 
increased use of product synergies to leverage our growth potential with local production. Beyond the markets in 
China, North America and Europe, we also apply regional strategies in the growth markets of South America and India. 
We established a new steering model in 2023, which signifies less head office and more entrepreneurial respon-
sibility and greater creative freedom for the brands and their decision makers. We pursue intelligent capital allo-
cation and set clear guidelines.  
Growth that  enhances  value  for years to  come,  with  our transformation,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  we  are  making 
systematic progress toward realizing this objective. Step by step. After a year of reorganizing and streamlining our 
structures and focusing on the fundamental alignment of the Volkswagen Group, we are heading into a year of 
stabilizing and shaping our business. The path is clear. We are working toward the vision of a sustainably profitable 
group. A group with the most attractive products, the best team and the clear promise: sustainable mobility for 
generations to come. 
Sincerely, 
Oliver Blume 
6
