
--- Page 10 ---
8 
Letter to our Shareholders  
To our shareholders
Making our core product  
– the car – the most important
internet device of the future
is our big opportunity. 
– Herbert Diess –

--- Page 11 ---
To our shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
9
That the car has a bright future ahead of it is just as certain. 
Cars still fulfill the desire for individual mobility better than 
any  other  means  of  transport.  For  millions  of  people,  espe-
cially in emerging societies, their first car represents a longed 
for promise of  freedom and a symbol of prosperity. Last but 
not  least,  cars  are  losing  their  negative  qualities:  they  are 
becoming cleaner, safer, quieter and fully connected. 
This  is  precisely  what  the  Volkswagen  Group  and  its  brands 
work on every day. For this we are mobilizing massive financial 
resources.  In  the  next  five  years  alone,  €60 billion  will  be 
invested in topics of future relevance, €33 billion of which has 
been  earmarked  for  e-mobility  and  over  €14 billion  for  digi-
talization.  
What is special about Volkswagen is that we have the strength 
to finance the green and digital transformation from our own 
resources. We will safeguard the investments in our new tech-
nologies  through  our  successful  business  with  our  existing 
technologies. We will maintain this high level especially in the 
transformation  phase.  Customers  can  choose  from  highly 
efficient combustion engines, hybrids and completely battery-
electric drives. From the ŠKODA Kamiq to the Bentley Bentayga 
Hybrid, we have attractive and fascinating new models across 
all  segments  that  impress  customers  worldwide.  Another 
special highlight for us last year was the launch of the eighth 
generation of the Volkswagen Golf.  
2019 was an extremely successful year for our Group. Despite 
considerable  economic  uncertainty,  our  brands  performed 
exceedingly  well  around  the  world.  In  China,  we  lifted  our 
market  share  in  a  declining  market.  In  South  America,  we 
returned  to  profitability  for  the  first  time  in  many  years. 
Business in Russia is also profitable and continues to pick up 
speed.  And  in  North  America  we  significantly  improved  our 
earnings.  
rose  to  €252.6  billion.  Operating  profit  climbed  to  €17.0 bil-
lion,  and  before  special  items  to  €19.3  billion.  At  7.6%,  the 
operating  return  on  sales  before  special  items  was  slightly 
above  the  forecast  range.  Net  cash  flow  was  significantly 
higher  than  in  2018  at  €10.8  billion.  We  intend  to  maintain 
this course of qualitative growth, which is why we are aligning 
our  business  even  more  closely  with  our  financial  core  per-
formance indicators.  
2019  would  not  have  been  so  successful  without  the  huge 
commitment of our 670,000 employees, whom I would like to 
thank  very  warmly.  This  success  would  also  not  have  been 
possible without you, our shareholders. Of course you will also 
benefit  from  this  success.  The  Board  of  Management  and 
Supervisory  Board  are  therefore  proposing  a  significant 
increase in the dividend to €6.50 per ordinary share and €6.56 
per preferred share. 
In 2020, the main priority will be complying with the new CO2 
fleet limits in the European Union while maintaining the same 
level of profitability. We will leverage the synergies within the 
Group  much  more  consistently.  By  further  optimizing  our 
overall brand strategy, we will ensure that the Group as a whole 
can  exploit  the  profit  potential  of  the  market  even  more 
efficiently.  Further  productivity  gains  are  also  needed.  Cost-
cutting  programs  are  underway  in  all  brands.  There  is  con-
siderable potential at the German sites in particular. 
There is much to be done. Our industry is changing radically, 
with us in the driving seat. Volkswagen is on course to become 
a  climate-neutral  technology  group.  I  look  forward  to  your 
continued support on this journey. 
A strategic milestone in 2019 was the IPO of  TRATON. With this 
move, Volkswagen demonstrated that we are in a position to 
systematically  review  our  portfolio  and  take  decisive  action. 
This includes divesting ourselves of sections of our company 
to focus more squarely on our core automotive business.  
Sincerely, 
We are also improving the quality of our business. Sales Reve-
nue  and  profit  grew  faster  than  unit  sales.  Sales  Revenue 
Herbert Diess
