
--- Page 12 ---
8
Letter to our Shareholders
To our Shareholders
Each setback should above all  
encourage us to devote all our energy  
to bringing about the transformation  
at Volkswagen.
–   M AT T H I A S   M Ü L L E R  –

--- Page 13 ---
To our Shareholders
Letter to our Shareholders
9
This,  too,  shows  that  Volkswagen  is  changing  course.  We  are 
steering towards the future. We are not stopping halfway, we 
are  picking  up  the  pace.  With  a  clear  goal  in  front  of  us:  to 
transform  the  Volkswagen  Group  from  an  automaker  into  a 
company  that  brings  sustainable  mobility  to  people  all  over 
the world. I firmly believe that we can do this. Because we are 
following  a  clear  plan  for  the  future.  Because  we  have  very 
successful operations. And because within the Group we have 
the critical mass, innovative capacity and financial discipline 
to spearhead this change.
You  might  be  asking  yourself:  “That’s  all  well  and  good, 
but  what  about  the  third  criterion  you  mentioned  at  the 
beginning, the attitude in the company, our values?” I have to 
admit: it is here that we are still furthest from our goal.
Changing the culture of a large organization is hard. It requires 
time, endurance and determination. In spite of all the progress 
I see every day – and which I find heartening – we still repeatedly 
encounter setbacks. They hurt, but they are inevitable. What’s 
important is how we deal with them. What we learn from them. 
Each setback should above all encourage us to devote all our 
energy  to  bringing  about  the  transformation  at  Volkswagen. 
It’s about more open cooperation between our brands. About 
more  speed,  pragmatism  and  decisiveness.  A  critical  ability 
and the reduction of power distances. And last but not least, 
we  need  authentic,  vibrant  leadership  based  on  values  and 
integrity.
So  if  you  were  to  ask  me  today:  “Is  Volkswagen  a  good 
company?”, then my answer would be: “Yes, Volkswagen is an 
exceedingly  successful  global  company.  Yes,  we  are  working 
very hard on the future of mobility and therefore also on our 
own future. And yes, at Volkswagen we have recognized how 
essential a solid foundation of values and a healthy corporate 
culture is.”
But at the same time, it’s also true that our Group is not yet as 
good as it could be. We still have quite a way to go. For me, this 
means one thing in particular: we have many opportunities to 
turn Volkswagen into an even more successful – and an even 
better – company. For our customers, employees and business 
partners. For the environment and society. For our investors. 
And for you, our shareholders. 
Our  Group  still  has  enormous  potential.  We  want  and  we 
will  exploit  this.  I  am  looking  forward  to  counting  on  your 
continued  support  as  we  move  forward  together  on  this 
journey.
Sincerely, 
Matthias Müller
