
--- Page 8 ---
Dear Shareholders,
2021 was a year in which we once again accelerated the implementation of our strategy and 
translated it into fascinating products and financial success. At the same time, we were able to 
further increase our financial resilience. This has been key to steering the company through 
industry-wide challenges – from the ongoing pandemic to global semiconductor supply short-
ages. We also successfully achieved an historical milestone: the spin-off and hive-down of the 
Daimler commercial vehicle business. As a well-focused company, we in the Mercedes-Benz 
Group AG can make even better use of the opportunities that lie ahead. We are a vehicle manu-
facturer – and we are proud to be. This is now also reflected in the name of the company.
Last year, a total of 2.3 million customers opted for a passenger car or a van with a star. Our 
 revenue amounted to €168.0 billion. EBIT increased by 340% to €29.1 billion. Our net liquidity in 
the industrial business amounted to €21.0 billion. The bottom line was a net profit of €23.4 bil-
lion. The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board will propose a dividend of €5.00 per 
share to the Shareholders' Meeting. 
For this performance, gratitude is due to all colleagues. The past year was characterised by a 
challenging environment and high volatility. We successfully countered this – with strict 
 discipline and great flexibility. This tremendous commitment and a strong team spirit are also 
crucial to continue the success story. 
As we look ahead, we need to limit the impact of supply shortages, counter rising commodity 
prices, and continue to work on our cost efficiency. In addition, we pursue clear strategic priori-
ties: we want to scale e-mobility, accelerate software development, and further strengthen 
Mercedes-Benz as a leading luxury brand. 
We continue to focus on the electrification of our products. This year, we are presenting two 
all-electric off-road vehicles. It is important to ensure a smooth launch. At the same time, we 
need to scale our electric vehicles. This year, we are going to offer an electric alternative in all 
segments. We plan to increase our share of electrified vehicles to account for up to 50% for 
overall sales by 2025. And by the end of this decade, we are going to be ready to switch com-
pletely to electric, where market conditions permit this. Our Maybach, AMG, and G-Class brands 
are also becoming all-electric. We are significantly expanding our global activities in battery 
8

--- Page 9 ---
cells and battery systems in order to make these plans successful. With the presentation of the 
Vision EQXX, we reinforced our claim to be the innovative leader in electromobility. The concept 
car gives a glimpse of what may be possible in the future in terms of efficiency and electric range.
Our second technological spearhead is acceleration in the area of software. In particular, this 
also implies the expansion of our competence in this area. We are creating up to 3,000  
new jobs worldwide – a significant proportion of these at our centre of excellence for software 
in Sindelfingen. There we want to push the development of our own operating system in a 
 bundled effort. And in automated driving, we are launching the next stage: Mercedes-Benz is 
the first manufacturer in the world to receive internationally valid system approval to introduce 
highly automated driving functions at level 3 to series production cars. That is what we will do 
in Germany this year.
The technological change is the basis for the successful transformation of Mercedes-Benz into 
an automotive brand in the luxury segment. The initial position is excellent: innovative technology, 
emotional design, and attention to detail – this is what Mercedes-Benz has represented for  
over 100 years. With the new structure, we have bundled our strength. Our ultimate goal: to 
build the most desirable cars and vans in the world. This transformation did not start today and it 
will not be done tomorrow – it is the responsibility of our generation. And that is where unique 
opportunities lie. In this context, the Mercedes star is a promise for the future: we want to 
change what exists in order to improve it. This is the spirit that our founding fathers gave us. 
We will carry on their legacy. I look forward to you joining us on this journey. 
Yours, 
Ola Källenius
9

--- Page 10 ---
The Board of Management
Ola Källenius
Chairman of the Board of Management  
Appointed until May 2024
Dr Jörg Burzer
Production & Supply Chain Management 
Appointed until November 2024
Renata Jungo Brüngger
Integrity & Legal Affairs 
Appointed until December 2023
Sabine Kohleisen
Human Resources and Director of Labor Relations
Appointed until November 2024
Markus Schäfer
Chief Technology Officer, Development & Procurement 
Appointed until May 2024
Britta Seeger
Marketing & Sales
Appointed until December 2024
Hubertus Troska
Greater China
Appointed until December 2025
Harald Wilhelm
Finance & Controlling / Mercedes-Benz Mobility  
Appointed until March 2027
w Further information on the members of the Board of Management of Mercedes-Benz Group AG
10

--- Page 11 ---
Dr Ing. e.h. Dipl.-Ing. Bernd Pischetsrieder
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Mercedes-Benz Group AG
11

--- Page 12 ---
Report of the  
Supervisory Board
Dear Shareholders,
In the year 2021, Daimler AG set its strategic course for the future. With the successful spin-off 
and hive-down of the Daimler commercial vehicle business, two powerful and independent 
companies with a clear profile were created. In the future, both Mercedes-Benz Cars & Vans  
and Daimler Trucks & Buses will be able to focus even more strongly on their specific business 
areas and thus generate added value for customers, employees, investors and partners. How-
ever, a common goal will continue to unite the two companies: the transformation towards a 
zero-emission and software-driven future. This year, Mercedes-Benz has made substantial  
progress in the implementation of its business strategy and intensified its ambition towards an 
all-electric product portfolio. At the same time, the positioning of Mercedes-Benz as a  sustain- 
able luxury brand was expanded further. 
However, 2021 also presented the Company with major challenges. The pandemic-related 
 disruptions in the global supply chains led to noticeable supply bottlenecks for certain semi- 
conductor components, as a result of which the continued high-level of demand from 
 customers could, despite great efforts, not entirely be met. However, the extraordinary commit-
ment of the Board of Management, the executives, and all employees ensured a positive 
 business development.
For me personally, the last few months as Chairman of the Supervisory Board have shown that 
the management makes the right decisions, even in difficult times. The company has already made 
good progress on the road to transformation and I confidently look forward to the coming years.
12

--- Page 13 ---
Supervisory and advisory activities of the  
Supervisory Board
In the 2021 financial year, the Supervisory Board of 
Mercedes-Benz Group AG again performed, in full, the 
duties incumbent upon it by law, the Articles of Incor-
poration and the rules of procedure.
In this context, the Supervisory Board continuously 
advised and monitored the Board of Management in the 
management of the company and provided support on 
strategically important issues for the further develop-
ment of the Company.
The Supervisory Board reviewed whether the individual 
company and consolidated financial statements, the 
combined management report including the non-finan-
cial declaration and the other financial reporting com-
plied with the applicable requirements.
Furthermore, after careful review and consultation, it 
approved numerous business transactions subject to its 
consent. This related in particular to the approval of the 
implementation of the historic restructuring of the Com-
pany through the spin-off and hive-down of the Daimler 
commercial vehicle business as part of Project Focus. 
This also included financial and investment planning, 
cooperation projects and the conclusion of contracts of 
particular importance to the Company. The Board of 
Management informed the Supervisory Board about a 
large number of other measures and business transac-
tions and discussed them intensively and in detail with 
the Supervisory Board, for example, the effects on the 
Company of supply bottlenecks for certain semiconduc-
tor components and the initiated countermeasures. 
The Board of Management regularly informed the Super-
visory Board about all significant business develop-
ments of the Group and the divisions. During the report-
ing period, it kept the Supervisory Board continuously 
informed about all fundamental issues regarding corpo-
rate planning, including financial, investment, sales and 
personnel planning, current developments at Group 
companies, the development of revenue, the situation 
of the Company and the divisions, the economic and 
political environment, and the current status and 
assessment of significant legal proceedings. In addition, 
the Board of Management continuously reported to the 
Supervisory Board on the profitability and liquidity 
situation of the Group, the development of sales and 
procurement markets, the overall economic situation 
and developments on the capital markets and in the 
financial services sector. Other topics included the fur-
ther development of the product portfolio, securing the 
long-term competitiveness of the Group and the further 
implementation of measures to ensure sustain- 
able, future-oriented mobility. The Supervisory Board 
also dealt in detail with the political developments and 
conflicts in the main sales markets, the shareholder 
structure, the share-price development and its back-
ground, as well as the expected effects of the strategic 
projects on the share-price development. 
Working culture and areas of Supervisory Board 
activity
In the 2021 financial year, the Supervisory Board held 
nine meetings, which were also held as video confer-
ences due to the pandemic. Meeting attendance by the 
members was again at a very high level, as can be seen 
in the detailed overview at the end of this report. The 
work of the Supervisory Board was characterised by 
open and intensive dialogue. The members of the 
Supervisory Board regularly prepared for upcoming res-
olutions using documents provided in advance by the 
Board of Management. The employee and shareholder 
representatives also regularly prepared the meetings in 
separate discussions, which were also attended by 
members of the Board of Management. In addition, the 
Supervisory Board was supported in depth by its Com-
mittees. At the meetings of the Supervisory Board, its 
members discussed the measures and transactions to 
be resolved in detail with the Board of Management. 
Executive sessions were regularly scheduled for the 
meetings so that topics could be discussed also in the 
absence of the Board of Management.
The Supervisory Board was informed of special events 
outside the regular meetings. In addition, the members 
of the Supervisory Board and the Board of Management 
held bilateral meetings to exchange views. The Board  
of Management also informed the Supervisory Board of 
the key indicators of business developments and  
of existing risks with written reports.
13
