
--- Page 6 ---
my fellow shareholders
March 2013
The investment climate in 2012 could be summed up in one word: 
So, as we mark BlackRock’s 25th anniversary in 2013, I have never 
challenging.
Interest rates remained at historical lows. Growth in many markets 
was anemic. Policy gridlock and political risk drove uncertainty. 
And the assets of many pension funds — and the nest eggs of 
many individuals — continued to fall short of the increasing 
financial demands created by people living longer. The result is a 
growing retirement gap in many societies. 
In this environment, BlackRock’s continued effort to help investors 
achieve better financial futures has never been more critical. More 
and more individuals and institutions are turning to us with the 
question, “So, what should I do with my money?” 
been more proud of our ability to help our clients navigate this 
challenging investment landscape. And we are committed, over 
the next 25 years, to become an even more trusted and essential 
partner to our clients.
record results driven By key areas of growth
The platform we’ve built is not only serving clients — it also 
continues to deliver for shareholders. We achieved record earnings 
and assets under management (AUM) in 2012, with robust flows in 
iShares® exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and multi-asset offerings. 
These are areas of growing demand as more and more investors 
seek diversified portfolios and solutions that blend active and 
For just that reason, we’ve built an investment platform that spans 
index strategies to meet their needs. 
asset classes, geographies and investment styles. It is grounded 
in our risk management approach fueled by Aladdin®. We believe 
it positions us better than any other firm in the industry to offer 
clients the investment solutions that these times demand.
The platform we’ve built is not only  
serving clients — it also continues to 
deliver for shareholders
From our conviction that financial complexity makes powerful 
technology essential to risk management, to our view that 
investors would value combining efficient beta with enhanced 
alpha, we have always sought to deliver exceptional long-term 
value to our clients and shareholders not just by preparing for 
change but also by driving it. 
Today, this commitment underpins our momentum and relentless 
focus on finding good opportunities for investors and engineering 
the outcome-oriented solutions and advisory services they need. 
strength in our diversified Platform1 
In 2012, our diversified platform enabled BlackRock to achieve 
BlackRock’s history reflects one constant commitment: to evolve 
strong financial performance in the face of continued volatility 
our firm to anticipate and meet the needs of investors in a 
and political and regulatory overhang:
dynamic investment landscape. We strive every day to be students 
of the market and to interpret the world around us so we can 
determine how best to position our clients to succeed. We are 
constantly focused on what lies ahead — while learning from the 
past — with a firm belief that success rests on patient, long-term 
investing to deliver on client goals.
•   We earned a record $2.4 billion on an adjusted basis, or $13.68 
per share, up 15% from 2011, and generated a 3% increase 
in revenues to $9.3 billion, with a 5% increase in adjusted 
operating earnings. 
•   Our scale and financial flexibility enabled us to produce a 
40.4% adjusted operating margin, delivering on our 40% target 
and improving our margin by 70 basis points from the prior year. 
•   Our significant operating cash flow, of approximately $3 billion 
as adjusted, allowed us to continue extending our product 
offerings and service capabilities, invest in our brand and make 
selective tactical acquisitions to help drive future growth.
4
4
 1Please review the Important Notes on page 22 for information on certain non-GAAP figures and for source information on other data points in this letter.

--- Page 7 ---
We also maintained our commitment to sound capital 
management by returning cash to shareholders through cash 
dividends and share repurchases. Our dividend of $6.00 per 
share in 2012 increased by 9% over 2011 and represented a 
43% dividend payout ratio. In January 2013, we announced an 
additional 12% increase in our annual dividend to $6.72 per share. 
In addition, during 2012, we repurchased nearly 9.1 million shares, 
resulting in an overall payout ratio of 104%. This included support 
of a successful secondary offering of more than 26 million shares, 
representing Barclays Bank PLC’s overall investment in the firm, 
and involved our repurchase of $1.0 billion in shares.
In total, including the repurchase of 13.6 million shares from Bank 
of America in June 2011, BlackRock has reduced its share count 
by approximately 11% since March 2011, helping to drive our 
15% growth in earnings per share in 2012. Equally important, our 
shareholder base has been transformed in just over two years, 
as our public ownership has increased from roughly 20% to 80%, 
with a market capitalization of over $43 billion at the end of  
March 2013.
trends shaPing the new world of investing  
— and Blackrock
Market direction and investor behavior were further impacted by 
several megatrends that are reshaping the landscape for investors 
across the globe.
The first of these megatrends is the aging of populations around 
the world. Not only are the numbers of people retiring every year 
growing as the boomer generation “comes of age,” individuals 
Over the last year, the “aftershocks” of the global financial crisis 
are also living much longer in retirement without adequate 
continued to affect the investment environment.
Macroeconomic and political risk persisted across the globe 
and roiled financial markets — including the fiscal challenges 
facing Europe and the United States, slower growth and political 
succession in China and turmoil in the Middle East. While US 
equity markets delivered strong returns, the picture in other 
markets was mixed. Memories of the 2008 financial crisis weighed 
on attitudes to risk. These barriers to confidence led businesses, 
institutions and individual investors to keep billions of dollars on 
the sidelines.
Investors also felt little relief from global regulatory uncertainty. 
The wave of post-crisis regulation in areas including proprietary 
trading, derivatives and the taxation of financial transactions is 
starting to have a cumulative effect that is reducing liquidity and 
increasing costs for investors to a degree that may indeed slow 
economic recovery. BlackRock has continued to make sure the 
voice of the investor is heard as policy makers consider reforms 
related to US money markets and financial benchmarks, and 
pursue complex initiatives in Europe that may significantly alter 
how markets operate.
BlackRock has continued to make sure  
the voice of the investor is heard
preparation. Both corporate and public pension plans, as well as 
far too many individuals, face significant shortfalls in meeting 
future needs for retirement income. This funding crisis is also 
being compounded by the shift from employer-funded defined 
benefit (DB) plans to defined contribution (DC) plans that 
transfer the risk to individuals. In this era of historically low bond 
yields, this shift will leave many people woefully unprepared 
for retirement since individuals have made significantly higher 
allocations to bonds than institutional investors.
5

--- Page 8 ---
BlackRock feels a strong responsibility to lead the way in 
The third megatrend is a “rethinking of risk.”  After a flight to 
addressing this retirement gap. We will continue to speak out 
so-called “safe-haven” assets, investors are now realizing that at 
on the need to face up to fiscal challenges, as we work with plan 
current low and even negative returns, bonds are not a risk-free 
sponsors and companies to match their strategies to their long-
asset — in fact, in many ways, they are risky investments because 
term liabilities, educate their constituents, and provide cutting-
of the outlook for inflation and interest rates.  As it stands, this 
edge lifecycle and direct contribution funds. 
world we face is one in which investors are taking on more risk 
— and getting far less return — than many realize because of 
their positioning in fixed income. Investors need to consider a 
broader mix of investments than ever before, and our diverse 
platform positions us well to help clients rethink and diversify 
their portfolios.
meeting clients’ goals in an  
outcome-oriented world
In this dynamic environment, investors are seeking new 
approaches to investing as their goals and interests change. 
BlackRock continues to evolve to meet these new demands and 
build value for the long term.
Indeed, against this backdrop, investors are redefining the very 
notion of performance: from tracking benchmarks to achieving 
desired outcomes — whether a target income level or lifecycle 
asset allocation. Valuing consistency of returns over absolute 
returns, investors now also increasingly seek higher-yielding 
opportunities and greater diversification, through strategies 
such as barbelling to maximize returns with an appropriate risk/
reward balance. We believe that BlackRock is unique among asset 
managers in our ability to meet this need with our full breadth of 
tools and risk management services.
We’ve also seen more and more clients — from the largest 
institutions to individual investors — look to combine superior 
investment products with the broader risk management, asset 
allocation and asset/liability solutions that we offer through our 
BlackRock Solutions® advisory services and the analytical power 
of our Aladdin technology platform.
In anticipation of changing investor objectives, we invested last 
year in five strategic areas. These areas represented 75% of our 
net new flows for 2012 and — with the addition of Emerging 
Markets — remain priorities in 2013:
•	 iShares ETFs — Demand for efficient and targeted market 
exposures — along with the October 2012 launch of the iShares 
Core Series of 10 US ETFs designed for buy-and-hold retail 
investors — drove 14% organic AUM growth in iShares last year. 
Our diverse platform positions us  
well to help clients rethink and diversify 
their portfolios
The second megatrend is the secular shift to passive investing in 
ETFs and indexing. ETF inflows hit new record highs industry-wide 
in 2012, both in North America and globally. In our view, this shift is 
more than just a short-term market phenomenon; it is a systemic 
behavioral change. This has significant implications for the asset 
management industry, and BlackRock stands to benefit from this 
trend given our iShares ETF platform.
6
6

--- Page 9 ---
More than $85 billion of net new flows helped iShares remain 
the leader in global AUM and market share. We intend to build 
investment Performance: exceeding 
exPectations
on this success through further innovation in our product suite, 
particularly in fixed income, and expansion into new markets.
As we pursue these priorities, BlackRock has taken a series of 
steps aimed at exceeding client expectations for consistent, 
•	 Outcome	Investing — We believe that BlackRock’s breadth 
long-term performance. Over the last three years, we acted to 
of products and industry-leading technology and risk 
strengthen performance in quantitative Scientific Active Equity 
management capabilities uniquely position us to deliver 
(SAE) and fundamental Fixed Income, and more recently replaced 
outcome-driven multi-asset solutions. In 2012, strong, 
four of five US-focused Fundamental Equity teams and added 
sustained demand for multi-asset solutions resulted in $16 
billion in flows and record AUM in our multi-asset product class. 
We will work to capitalize on this trend as more investors seek 
outcome-oriented results. 
•	 Retirement — In 2012, we continued to develop new strategies 
for public and private pension funds and DC plan sponsors, 
while launching a digital retirement center to educate individual 
investors. Our DC business achieved 9% organic growth and 
our LifePath® target date products attracted more than $13 
billion in flows, representing 32% year-on-year organic growth. 
We expect the global market for retirement assets to grow by 
new talent to our bench of portfolio managers. 
We’ve taken steps aimed at exceeding 
client expectations for consistent  
long-term performance
more than 60% by 2020, which offers significant opportunity to 
These efforts are paying off. At year-end, 83%, 78% and 64% of 
expand our presence.
•	 Income — Last year our income-oriented products, including 
active and index high-yield and equity dividend funds, 
generated nearly $18 billion in flows. As the quest for yield 
active taxable fixed income AUM exceeded its benchmark or peer 
median over one, three and five years, respectively — among the 
best in the industry. In SAE, 85% of our products exceeded their 
benchmarks for one year and 89% for three years. 
drives investors toward non-traditional sources of income, we 
Our performance in fundamental equities, while still not 
will continue to develop additional solutions and products to 
satisfactory, has shown signs of turning around. We believe our 
meet this need. 
•	 Alternatives — The desire for uncorrelated investments 
allocated by risk budgets rather than traditional asset classes 
should drive new flows to a range of alternative and multi-
alternative  solutions, often in combination with advisory 
top quartile performance in European equity funds positions 
BlackRock well for anticipated re-risking in Europe. Additionally, 
our emerging markets equity team, which we brought on board 
in early 2012, ended the year delivering returns well above their 
benchmark.
services. BlackRock is well positioned to respond to this 
We also hired seven specialists to form an Emerging Markets 
demand, along with growing retail interest: by the end of 2012, 
Debt team to invest in hard currency, local currency and corporate 
the retail alternative mutual funds we launched in late 2011 
emerging markets assets. And, we brought in new talent to 
had already raised close to $0.8 billion in assets. 
spearhead BlackRock’s Real Estate Securities Management 
business to offer clients an unrivaled set of real estate solutions. 
•	 Emerging	Markets — BlackRock has built a strong platform 
in emerging markets and today is one of the world’s largest 
investors in these markets with more than $200 billion of 
assets under management, the majority in index products. We 
see tremendous potential to grow our active franchise and are 
investing accordingly. 
7

--- Page 10 ---
constantly evolving to meet investors’ needs
•  To satisfy a growing desire for blended active and index 
We also enhanced our organizational structure last year with 
that same focus on serving changing client needs and improving 
performance: 
•  Our new investment team structure deepens our leadership 
bench and aims to maximize our intellectual capital. We 
centered specialized investment groups on five core portfolio 
building blocks: Alpha Strategies, Beta Strategies, Multi-Asset 
Strategies, Alternatives Strategies, and Trading and Liquidity 
Strategies. Despite distinct investment processes, the teams 
benefit from shared access to all of the firm’s risk management, 
trading and analytics capabilities.
We enhanced our organizational 
structure with a focus on serving 
changing client needs
•  We aligned our BlackRock Solutions group with our Institutional 
client platform to meet growing institutional demand for 
holistic views of their assets and liabilities. We expect this 
alignment will allow us to offer a broader group of clients 
seamless access to our full capabilities — including the 
world-class blend of deep analytics and specialized portfolio 
management strategies available through BlackRock Solutions.
8
solutions and to capitalize on growth potential in Retail, which 
represents 12% of our long-term assets but contributes more 
than 30% of our long-term base fees, we aligned Retail with 
iShares last year. We also integrated our US BlackRock and 
iShares retail sales teams to better deliver the breadth of our 
capabilities to our distribution partners, who look more and 
more to BlackRock to help them address their business model 
challenges in the face of regulatory complexities. As financial 
advisers increasingly serve as portfolio managers and asset 
allocators for their clients, BlackRock is actively working to 
support their success with outcome-oriented model portfolios 
and retail-focused multi-asset solutions. 
Finally, the BlackRock Investment Institute again harnessed 
insights to promote dialogue among investors across the firm and 
to create high-value research for our clients on topics including 
the US housing market, China’s evolving economic role and the 
impact of the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, among others. 
investing in future growth
Over the past year, we made tactical acquisitions to grow 
individual businesses and our geographic footprint. Our 
acquisition of Claymore Investments in March expanded our  
offering of ETFs in the Canadian market. In September, we  
purchased Swiss Re Ltd.’s European private equity and 
infrastructure fund of funds unit, bolstering our strong 
alternatives business. We will continue to look for opportunities to 
enhance inorganic growth where it makes sense to do so. 
We continued to invest in talent, both by developing and elevating 
internal leaders and attracting new leaders from outside the firm. 
Philipp Hildebrand, former Chairman of the Swiss National Bank, 
joined BlackRock as Vice Chairman and oversees our largest 
institutional client relationships in EMEA and Asia Pacific. More 
recently, Gary Shedlin, a long-time strategic and financial advisor 
to BlackRock, joined the firm from Morgan Stanley to become 
our new Chief Financial Officer. We also enhanced our presence 
in Asia, where Hsueh-ming Wang joined the firm as Chairman of 
BlackRock China.
BlackRock’s first global brand initiative — our “Investing for a 
New World” campaign — drove awareness of our capabilities 
and expertise among existing and potential clients. The growing 
strength of our brand was reflected this spring when Fortune 
magazine named BlackRock the “World’s Most Admired Company” 
in our industry. 

--- Page 11 ---
looking ahead with a focus on execution
Our greatest asset is our team of more than 10,000 talented 
As we move through 2013, this is an important time for investors. 
Many are stepping off the sidelines and making their first forays 
back into the markets after seeking the safety of cash or low-
yielding bonds in recent years. As they do so, we feel the need to 
individuals who work to advance the business we have built and 
adapt it to ever-changing circumstances every moment, every day. 
They are the founders of our future, and I am grateful to them for 
their dedication. 
make sure the traditional investments that investors have long 
Last year, we made our employees’ contributions and our culture 
relied on as a safe haven are not holding them back.
Our greatest asset is our team of more 
than 10,000 talented individuals
even more central to our operations by formalizing the BlackRock 
Principles. These principles — Being a Fiduciary for our Clients, 
Passion for Performance, Working as One BlackRock, and 
Innovation — offer employees a shared understanding of who we 
are and what we stand for as we strive to create a better financial 
future for our clients, serve our communities and deliver for our 
shareholders. 
I also want to thank our Board of Directors for the insight, 
engagement and guidance that help make BlackRock’s success 
possible. We further strengthened the Board in the past year with 
Thus far in 2013 we’ve seen strong performance of risk assets and 
the election of Susan L. Wagner, a Founding Partner of BlackRock 
a trend toward more economic stability, whether in the United 
who retired as Vice Chairman of the firm; Jessica Einhorn, former 
States, Europe or China, thanks in part to central banks continuing 
Dean of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International 
to maintain easy monetary policies. Many of the risks that 
Studies at The Johns Hopkins University; and Fabrizio Freda, 
weighed on the markets in 2012 — such as the eurozone crisis 
President and Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder 
and the US fiscal cliff — have subsided. 
Companies Inc. 
While the global economy should improve further in the second 
The groundwork we laid over the past quarter century and during 
half of the year, the investment environment nevertheless remains 
2012 will allow us to continue to anticipate and build the solutions 
fragile. We believe that pressures from political dynamics, shifting 
today’s investors need for tomorrow’s outcomes. Our capabilities, 
global economics, changing demographics and persistent low 
strategies and focus position us well to further enhance the long-
rates will continue to strain the markets and cause volatility. 
term value we create for our clients and shareholders. 
Implementation of new regulation may also have unintended 
Thank you for your interest in the success of BlackRock. 
consequences for investors. BlackRock supports financial reform 
that increases transparency, protects investors and facilitates 
responsible growth of capital markets, while preserving consumer 
choice and maintaining a level playing field across products. In 
our engagement with policy makers, we focus on constructive 
solutions that meet the need for greater clarity and transparency 
for investors, especially retail investors, without slowing economic 
recovery or burdening returns with undue cost and complexity.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink  
Despite these headwinds, I am increasingly optimistic that the 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
steps we have taken position BlackRock for outperformance 
through a wide range of market and investment cycles. Our 
size and scale — our global reach and local presence — allow 
BlackRock to stay ahead of the changing landscape. Our strong 
cash flow and capital position enable us to invest in technology 
and operations not only to comply with regulation but also to 
innovate as a market leader. 
9
