
--- Page 17 ---
l auRence d. fInk   Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer
my fellow shaReholdeRs:
for 26 years, BlackRock has dedicated itself to helping clients build 
better fi  nancial futures. today, those clients trust us to manage 
more money than any other investment fi  rm in the world. and we 
believe that BlackRock’s differentiated offering — combining a full 
range of active and index strategies with a strong risk management 
culture — has never been more essential than it is now.
Financial, technological and social changes are remaking 
the global economy and the way capital fl  ows through it. 
Divergence is increasing, as nations around the world follow 
different trajectories in economic growth, monetary policy, 
asset prices and currency valuations. Central bank actions, 
political events and disruption in the energy market are driving 
volatility in global fi nancial markets while also creating the 
potential for new risks. Technology is changing the way we live 
and spend. And longevity is driving demographic upheaval.
$1 trillion in iShares assets under management and generating 
the highest institutional fl  ows we’ve seen since 2009. 
2014 revenue was $11.1 billion, with operating income, as 
adjusted, of $4.6 billion, up 9% and 13%, respectively, versus 
2013. Earnings per share, as adjusted, rose 17% year over 
year, and since 2007 (the fi nal year of pre-crisis earnings), 
BlackRock has grown earnings per share, as adjusted, by 142%, 
versus 76% for the S&P 500 and 9% for the S&P Financials. 
Since our founding in 1988, BlackRock has never wavered 
in acting as a fi  duciary for our clients. This year’s annual 
report explores how BlackRock continues to fulfi ll that 
mission — and lay a foundation for long-term growth — 
by continuing to build a strong and agile platform that can 
anticipate change and adapt ahead of a shifting economic 
and fi nancial landscape, without compromising our 
relentless focus on risk management and performance 
for our clients.
2014 Results: delIveRIng shaReholdeR value 
By meetIng clIent needs
Our 2014 results demonstrate the strength of BlackRock’s 
global investment platform backed by Aladdin analytics, risk 
management and advisory capabilities — which continue 
to differentiate BlackRock and allow us to generate consistent 
organic asset and revenue growth for our shareholders. 
Overall, BlackRock generated long-term net infl  ows of 
$181 billion, and more than $200 billion of overall net infl  ows 
when taking into account our cash management business. 
And we hit several major milestones in the year, including 
crossing $500 billion in retail assets under management, 
confRontIng change
At BlackRock, we are constantly looking at the world — 
and at ourselves — to assess whether our products, our 
services and our strategies can meet the challenges that 
tomorrow will present. The disruptions that occurred or 
crystallized in 2014 — in technology, fi nancial markets, and 
longevity and retirement — are having a major impact on 
how we and our clients live, work and invest.
A Divergent World
Today’s investors are faced with a diverse set of challenges 
roiling global markets. Interest rates remain at historically 
low (or even negative) levels, central bank policy continues 
to outweigh market fundamentals, currency volatility has 
spiked and we are seeing dramatic shifts in oil prices. 
The Federal Reserve is setting the stage for higher interest 
rates in the U.S., but the low-for-long theme remains 
pervasive. The European Central Bank, by contrast, is 
pursuing quantitative easing, pushing European bond yields 
into negative territory. Given the lack of effective fi scal policy 
by governments, the European Central Bank’s steps will be 
critical in buying Europe the time it needs to heal and grow. 
15 
 Bl ackRock, Inc. 2014 annual RepoRt
 15

--- Page 18 ---
However, while these actions are keeping borrowing costs 
low, they are also impacting how investors are saving for  
the future, forcing them to take increasing risk as core bond 
allocations are insufficient to meet the growing liability 
burdens of pension funds, insurers and retirees. 
Politicians, central bankers and regulators have rightly 
identified asset-price bubbles as a serious source of risk,  
yet the unintended consequences of aggressive monetary 
policy are the biggest driver of such bubbles today. Yield-
starved investors attempting to meet future liabilities are 
turning to lower-rated credits and longer-duration assets. 
Not only is this driving prices ever higher in certain asset 
categories, but it is also contributing to greater portfolio 
concentration in more volatile areas of the market than 
historical norms.
The situation is worsening every day, as the pool of funds  
in search of returns grows larger. To meet the needs of  
longer lives and soaring healthcare costs, for example, 
companies are stepping up contributions to their pension 
funds. For the same reasons, individuals are adding to  
their defined contribution accounts. And insurers are writing 
new policies, whose premiums need to be invested to meet 
future liabilities. Today’s pre-retirees in particular face a stark 
set of choices: put their cash in the bank at a near-zero or 
negative yield, search in vain for a capital-starved insurer who 
can provide a guaranteed income product, or step further  
out onto the risk curve at a time when they should be seeking 
income rather than capital appreciation. 
This mix of growing assets and shrinking yields is creating  
a dangerous imbalance. Yet monetary policy makers seem 
insufficiently attuned to the conundrum their actions are 
creating for investors: reach for yield and continue to fuel  
an expanding bubble, or remain on the sidelines and watch 
unfunded liabilities grow unchecked. This increasingly 
desperate search for yield is now the greatest source of 
prudential risk in the financial system — and one that central 
bankers and regulators ignore at our collective peril if they 
hope to truly reduce risk in the system. 
In addition to their impact on interest rates and risk markets, 
divergent monetary policies also are creating volatile 
ou R g loBal e xecutI ve c ommIttee
Pictured  
left to right:
laurence d. fink
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
kenneth f. kroner
Global Head of Multi-Asset Strategies, Head and  
Chief Investment Officer of Scientific Active Equity
kendrick R. wilson III
Vice Chairman
Barbara g. novick
Vice Chairman
quintin R. price
Global Head of Alpha Strategies
charles s. hallac
Co-President
gary s. shedlin
Chief Financial Officer
jeffrey a. smith
Global Head of Human Resources
derek n. stein
Global Head of Business Operations & Technology
philipp hildebrand
Vice Chairman
Bennett w. golub
Chief Risk Officer
16 
Bl ackRock, Inc. 2014 a nnual RepoRt
 17

--- Page 19 ---
conditions in currency markets. The specter of a U.S. rate 
hike has exerted upward pressure on the dollar, while the 
euro is exhibiting extraordinary weakness. 
Since peaking in the early 2000s, the U.S. dollar index 
weakened by more than 40% through the fi nancial crisis in 
2008, helping to form a critical piece of the foundation for the 
U.S. to increase global competitiveness and emerge from 
recession. Since last July, the dollar has given back much 
of that competitive advantage, strengthening by 25% versus 
a basket of global currencies over only a matter of months 
as divergent economic conditions and central bank actions 
have sent currency markets into one of the most volatile 
periods on record. 
And while fi rst the yen and more recently the euro have 
made headlines, emerging market currencies have in some 
cases experienced an even greater impact — with the value 
of the Brazilian real falling by more than half in the past 
four years (and more than 30% since just mid-2014) and the 
Mexican peso sitting at an all-time low versus the U.S. dollar. 
These shifts will have a marked infl  uence on global capital 
fl  ows and investment, and correctly identifying winners 
and losers will materially infl  uence portfolio returns. 
In particular, the relative valuation of the U.S. dollar is now 
having a rapid and material impact on U.S. companies and 
their ability to compete in a global market. While the U.S. 
economy as a whole is not overly exposed to exports, many 
of our largest and most infl  uential companies are. We believe 
that this will lead to an erosion in confi dence on the part 
of CEOs, with the potential to slow both investment decisions 
and future growth in the U.S.
In addition to divergent monetary policy and shifting exchange 
rates, the new paradigm for oil prices will contribute to 
continued volatility. 
Cheap oil will act as a sizable tax cut for the global economy, 
potentially leading to a major redistribution of wealth. But 
the effects will not be uniform: high-cost energy production 
economies are experiencing headwinds; countries like 
the U.S., China and India are experiencing the benefi  ts of 
stimulus; and countries that have seen currency devaluation 
mark k. wiedman
Global Head of iShares
salim Ramji
Global Head of Corporate Strategy
linda g. Robinson
Global Head of Marketing & Communications
matthew j. mallow
General Counsel
mark s. mccombe
Global Head of BlackRock’s Institutional Client Business 
and Chairman of BlackRock Alternative Investors
j. Richard kushel
Chief Product Offi cer and Head of Strategic Product Management
Ryan stork
Head of Asia-Pacifi c
Robert l. goldstein
Chief Operating Offi cer and Head of BlackRock Solutions
amy l. schioldager
Global Head of Beta Strategies
david j. Blumer
Head of Europe, Middle East & Africa
Robert w. fairbairn
Global Head of Retail & iShares
Robert s. kapito
President
16 
 Bl ackRock, Inc. 2014 annual RepoRt
 17

--- Page 20 ---
in recent months are experiencing more modest gains. 
More shocks can be expected as production decisions and 
the demand side seek equilibrium, but ultimately lower 
energy prices should benefi t the global economy. 
Technological Transformations
In the 1990s, the world spoke of change driven by information 
technology as occurring at “Internet speed.” Today, the 
snowballing effects of technology are making that pace 
seem glacial by comparison.
One example of how technology fosters rapid market 
transformation is the abrupt rise of the “sharing economy” — 
companies such as Uber, ZipCar or China’s Kuaidi. 
Convenience is the obvious benefi t of services such as these, 
but over time they will also infl uence major consumer spending 
decisions, and in turn, capital fl ows. Low-cost taxi options or 
car-sharing services, for example, are making car ownership 
less necessary. Home-rental services like Airbnb are eating 
into hotel revenues and simultaneously turning homes into 
income-generating assets. Crowdfunding and peer-to-peer 
lending are providing entirely new avenues for raising capital. 
While the long-term effects of these trends are diffi cult 
to predict, there is no question that the sharing economy is 
reshaping the way capital moves through the system. 
These popular new consumer technologies attract a great 
deal of attention, but technology’s impact on such traditional 
sectors of the economy as energy, agriculture and manu-
facturing is perhaps even more profound. The recent fall in 
oil prices was driven in large part by technology, as new 
exploration and extraction technologies accelerated supply 
ahead of demand. In response, the number of oil rigs 
operating in the U.S. has fallen by nearly half in just the past 
four months, yet output continues to rise as larger and 
higher-yielding shale wells drive record production. U.S. 
crude inventories are now at their highest seasonal levels in 
80 years, sparking concerns about storage capacity. 
In the agricultural sector, Dow Chemical recently developed 
a new technology improving how fertilizer bonds with soil. 
Although this development has received far less attention 
than Uber or fracking, its potential long-term impact is 
just as signifi cant, and perhaps even greater. This innovation 
will reduce nitrogen leaching, dramatically lessening the 
environmental impact of agriculture. Farmers will apply 
fertilizer less frequently, increasing productivity and ultimately 
creating effi ciencies for end consumers. 
Technology also remains a critical factor in our own industry, 
speeding and democratizing access to information, enabling 
investors to react to sudden shifts in the markets driven 
by divergence and technology and creating demand for a 
higher quality client experience.
Perhaps no area is more affected by technology today than 
jobs. Factories are increasingly staffed by robots, not 
laborers. Drones may soon deliver our packages or even our 
meals. As automation drives extraordinary increases in 
productivity, millions of workers globally are being displaced, 
with the burden falling disproportionately on lower-skilled 
workers and new entrants to the job market. And in a 
global economy, the pressure to educate and train a skilled 
workforce has never been more intense. 
Longevity and Retirement 
Automation is not the only challenge workers are grappling with 
in a changing world. They must also confront one of the 
defi ning social and economic challenges of our age: preparing 
for longer lives. 
The effects of longevity are multifaceted. Longevity will 
reshape the job market, as younger workers fi nd it more and 
more diffi cult to enter the workforce. It will dramatically alter 
the nature and cost of healthcare, as the number of high-
cost patients grows. But most of all, longevity will require 
people and governments across the world to take a new 
approach to retirement — to encourage, or even mandate, 
widespread savings. 
Longer lifespans mean a greater savings burden, and the world 
is woefully underprepared. According to BlackRock’s Global 
Investor Pulse Survey, 69% of investors globally worry they 
won’t be able to live comfortably in retirement. 
The cost of living longer is coinciding with divergent economic 
prospects, low yields and modest growth. Adding to the 
problem, people all over the world are underinvested — if 
they are invested at all — while governments face diverse 
policy challenges. 
Nations with overly generous pension plans risk not being 
able to fulfi ll their obligations. Those with no support for their 
retirees could face immense poverty, a growing drain on 
resources and civil unrest. Even nations in the middle, like the 
U.S., have millions of people underinvested and overly 
dependent on Social Security — which was not designed 
to support widespread longevity. Countries that meet this 
daunting challenge head-on will come to lead the next 
century. Countries that shrink from it do so at great risk. 
InvestIng In the fIRm’s futuRe
Twenty-six years ago, we founded BlackRock with the 
belief that even in an established industry like fi  xed income 
investing, we could succeed with a new approach — a 
dedication to assessing risk and an obsession with building 
the best technology to help us do it. In the ensuing years, 
we combined our depth of analysis, driven by technological 
innovation, with an ever-widening range of long-term 
solutions to provide more and more clients a reason to 
come to BlackRock.
It worked because we have never stopped innovating. We have 
always looked for ways to invest in improving our technology, 
our approach to risk management and our ability to meet our 
clients’ needs. At the core is a recognition that we cannot 
coast on reputation, past successes or size, but must engage 
in an ongoing process of reinvention. 
Today, in the face of the many obstacles making our clients’ 
near- and long-term investment objectives more complex, 
we continue to look every day for new ways to invest in the fi rm 
to better meet their needs. 
18 
Bl ackRock, Inc. 2014 annual RepoRt
 Bl ackRock, Inc. 2014 annual RepoR t
 19
