
--- Page 7 ---
7   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Dear Shareholders,
Despite the volatile conditions prevailing on various markets, the BMW Group finished the financial year 
2015 with another outstanding earnings performance, reaffirming its position as market leader in the 
premium segment.
The BMW Group is now headed by Harald Krüger, who became the new Chairman of the Board of 
Management on 13 May 2015. With this carefully planned generational change at the top of the Board of 
Management, the Supervisory Board has not only ensured personnel continuity, it has also made an 
impor tant contribution to shaping the future strategy of the BMW Group.
Main emphases of the Supervisory Board’s monitoring and advisory activities  The Supervisory Board 
performed the duties charged to it in accordance with the law and the Articles of Incorporation with the 
utmost care. Throughout the financial year 2015, the Supervisory Board closely monitored the BMW Group’s 
business performance and macroeconomic developments on important markets, diligently supervised the 
governance of the Board of Management and advised it on significant projects and plans.
In a total of five meetings, the Supervisory Board deliberated at great length on the current business and 
financial situation of the Group. Further topics of particular focus and consultation at Supervisory Board 
meetings were corporate strategy (including a whole range of key topics involving the future shape of 
business), corporate forecasts and the strategy and management of the Financial Services segment. In addi-
tion, decisions were taken regarding personnel changes on the Board of Management and with respect to 
corporate governance.
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board attentively monitored the BMW Group’s business performance, 
both at scheduled meetings and at other times, as the need arose. In particular, the Board of Management 
provided regular reports on current sales and workforce figures. The Chairman of the Board of Management 
kept the Chairman of the Supervisory Board well informed, both promptly and directly, on the progress 
of important business projects and plans of strategic significance. In addition to scheduled meetings, 
Dr Friedrich Eichiner, member of the Board of Management responsible for Finance, and Dr Karl-Ludwig Kley, 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee, consulted with each other directly at other times.
In its regular reports on the financial condition of the Group, the Board of Management provided infor-
mation on sales volume developments, market competition issues relevant for the Automotive and Motorcycles 
segments, and changes in the size of the workforce. The Board of Management also dealt with questions re-
garding economic developments and the prospects of the world’s key regions. On the Financial Services side 
of the business, the Board of Management provided regular updates on new business with retail customers 
and changes in the portfolio of contracts with dealerships and retail customers as well as the total volume of 
business. In its regular reports on the financial condition of the Group, the Board of Management also 
 reported to the Supervisory Board on any variances from budget.
Major transactions and projects were highlighted in the Board of Management’s reports on business 
developments, and deliberated on in subsequent discussions. For example, the Supervisory Board was kept 
informed of the status of acquisition projects, such as the joint acquisition of the navigation data provider 
HERE in conjunction with other partners as well as the purchase of a leasing company in China. Furthermore, 
the Board of Management reported on the BMW Group’s compliance with emissions limits and confirmed 
that no distinction is made between “dyno mode” and on-road testing when measuring the exhaust emissions 
of BMW Group vehicles. Over the course of the year under report, the two boards discussed at length eco-
nomic developments and business performance in China. Other subjects of discussion were progress in the 
field of electric mobility, product quality and customer satisfaction.
Furthermore, the Board of Management provided detailed information on both the ongoing status and 
its plans for expanding capacities at various BMW Group production sites.

--- Page 8 ---
8
At the first Supervisory Board meeting of the year, the Board of Management presented the new and 
updated models scheduled for market launch in the course of 2015.
One of the Supervisory Board meetings was held at the Landshut (Germany) site, at which the focus was 
placed on purchasing strategy and the significance of BMW component-producing plants in terms of pur-
chasing and production. The Board of Management also elaborated on the requirements that result from the 
distribution of sales volume and production sites across the world for the Group’s purchasing team and 
discussed with the Supervisory Board the measures necessary to establish a capable supplier base in growth 
markets. During its visit to the plant, the Supervisory Board inspected the foundry as well as the production 
facilities for electric motors and CFRP components.
The main topics discussed at a two-day meeting of the Supervisory Board held during the second half of 
the year were business and product strategy as well as long-term corporate planning.
During the first part of the meeting, the Board of Management reported on the results of the annual 
Number ONE corporate strategy review. The Board of Management also provided information on the planned 
further development of the Group’s vehicle portfolio and its intention to continue its collaboration with 
Toyota. In view of the increasing regulation of toxic emissions on key markets, the two boards discussed the 
challenges facing the Group in the field of alternative drive technologies going forward and the strategic 
importance of electric mobility. The Board of Management also reported in depth on topics relating to the 
changing market environment and potential business opportunities emerging in connection with digitalisation 
and vehicle connectivity, and provided an overview of its plans and activities in this field. The Supervisory 
Board also gathered facts and figures on the BMW lightweight construction strategy.
As part of a series of vehicle presentations, members of the Supervisory Board took the opportunity to 
drive selected BMW and MINI models on a test track, including the latest BMW 7 Series. Furthermore, the 
current state of progress of selected vehicle development projects was presented and explained to the 
Super visory Board.
In the second part of the meeting, the Supervisory Board deliberated at length on the long-term corporate 
forecast presented by the Board of Management for the years 2016 to 2021. The Board of Management also 
described various crisis scenarios to the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board lauded the management 
team’s efforts to keep a tight control over fixed costs. After thorough examination and lengthy discussion, 
the Supervisory Board gave the plans its formal approval.
The performance and strategic direction of the Financial Services segment as well as risk management 
in this area were also reported on. The consequences of stricter regulation of financial services were also 
discussed.
The Supervisory Board deliberated on the annual budget presented by the Board of Management for the 
financial year 2016, including the main external influencing factors identified.
Again in 2015, the Personnel Committee and the full Supervisory Board examined both the structure and 
the amount of compensation that Board of Management members receive. In addition to reviewing trends 
in business performance and board compensation on a multi-year basis, consideration was also given to the 
development of the remuneration of senior management and employees of BMW AG within Germany over the 
course of time. An external compensation consultant, independent of both the Board of Management and 
BMW AG, was called upon to provide expert advice and assist the Supervisory Board in the evaluation of DAX 
compensation studies. After a careful review, the Supervisory Board concluded that the level of compen-
sation of board members, including pension entitlements, is appropriate and that the compensation system 
has proved its worth. The Supervisory Board therefore resolved not to propose any changes to the system of 
Board of Management compensation in 2015.

--- Page 9 ---
9   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Further information on the compensation of Board of Management members is provided in the Compen-
sation Report (see section “Statement on Corporate Governance”).
In 2015, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board again conducted an in-depth review of the 
corporate governance standards currently in place in the BMW Group as well as the rules set out in the German 
Corporate Governance Code. In the most recent Declaration of Compliance issued in December 2015, both 
boards decided that the BMW Group should comply with all of the recommendations issued by the German 
Government Corporate Governance Code Commission on 12 June 2015, except for the disclosure of Board of 
Management members’ compensation in prescribed model tables, as the Supervisory Board is of the opinion 
that these tables do not improve the clarity and comprehensibility of the Compensation Report. The wording 
of the Declaration of Compliance is contained in the Corporate Governance Report.
Both the Personnel Committee and the Supervisory Board again asked the Board of Management to 
describe the state of progress in implementing the BMW Group’s diversity concept. This programme not only 
relates to gender diversity, it also promotes both cultural diversity and a balanced mixture of age groups 
among staff. The Board of Management also reported on the percentage of and development of female execu-
tives at various management levels within the Group and the targets determined by the Board of Management 
for the two executive levels immediately below it. In addition, the Board of Management reported to the 
Supervisory Board on measures to develop young talent for future strategic fields of expertise.
The Supervisory Board also consulted on the consequences of legislation relating to the equal participation 
of women and men in management positions in Germany for the BMW Group’s two boards. As its target for 
the proportion of women on the Board of Management by 31 December 2016, the Supervisory Board 
has stipulated that the Board of Management should continue to have at least one female member. Assuming 
the Board of Management continues to comprise eight members, this would correspond to a ratio of at least 
12.5 %. The fact that the Supervisory Board considers it desirable to increase the proportion of women on the 
board further supports the Board of Management’s current raft of measures, which is also aimed at increasing 
the proportion of women at the highest executive management levels of the BMW Group.
The legal minimum of 30 per cent of female and male members in the Supervisory Board that came into 
force on 1 January 2016 is already being complied with, both in terms of the Supervisory Board in its entirety 
and also for both shareholder and employee representatives.
The Supervisory Board decided upon specific appointment objectives for its own composition based on 
a detailed composition profile, a description of which is provided in the Corporate Governance Report. In 
line with a new recommendation contained in the German Corporate Governance Code, the appointment 
objectives have been supplemented to include a maximum length of office on the Supervisory Board. Based 
on a self-assessment, the Supervisory Board determined that its composition at 31 December 2015 complied 
with its appointment objectives.
In the financial year 2015, the Personnel Committee took the decision to disburse any costs to current and 
former members of the Board of Management that could arise in connection with a civil action brought by a 
former supplier in the USA. As a former member of the Board of Management, I did not personally vote on 
this resolution, which was taken as a precautionary measure.
Apart from this matter, there were no indications of possible conflicts of interest on the part of Supervisory 
Board members in the financial year 2015. Significant transactions with Supervisory Board members and 
other related parties as defined by IAS 24, including close relatives and intermediate entities, are monitored 
in the form of quarterly requests for relevant information.
The Supervisory Board endeavours to assess and continuously improve the efficiency of its work, including 
that of its committees. Once a year, the efficiency examination is dealt with as a separate agenda point, at 

--- Page 10 ---
10
which the members of the Board of Management are not present. Preparations for the examination are 
 facilitated by means of a questionnaire. As a result of the efficiency examination, suggestions for additional 
topics of report were made during the year under report.
Each of the five Supervisory Board meetings in 2015 was attended on average by 95 per cent of its members, 
a fact that can be corroborated by the analysis of attendance fees for individual members, as disclosed in the 
Compensation Report. None of the members of the Supervisory Board took part in only half or less than half 
of the meetings of the Supervisory Board, the Presiding Board or the committees to which the members 
belong during their terms of office in the period under report.
Description of Presiding Board activities and committee work  In order to work more efficiently and 
prepare complex issues and decisions with greater thoroughness, the Supervisory Board has established a 
Presiding Board and several committees. A description of the duties, composition and working procedures 
of these committees is provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
The relevant chairmen reported at length on the status of Presiding Board and committee work at the 
subsequent Supervisory Board meeting.
In a total of four meetings, the Presiding Board focused mainly on preparing topics for the meetings of 
the full Supervisory Board, unless these fell under the remit of one of the committees. The treatment of more 
extensive issues, such as the Long-term Business Forecast and the Annual Strategic Review, was prepared by 
the Presiding Board on the basis of written and oral reports provided by Board of Management members and 
senior department heads. The Presiding Board selected further topics of discussion for Supervisory Board 
meetings and made suggestions to the Board of Management regarding items to be included in its reports to 
the full Supervisory Board.
The Audit Committee held four meetings and three telephone conference calls during 2015. In those 
telephone conference calls, the Audit Committee deliberated with the Board of Management on each of the 
BMW Group’s Quarterly Reports, prior to their publication. Representatives of the external auditors were 
present during the telephone conference call held to present the Interim Financial Report for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2015. The report had been subjected to review by the external auditors.
The Audit Committee meeting held in spring 2015 was primarily dedicated to preparing the Supervisory 
Board meeting at which the financial statements were examined. Prior to proposing KPMG AG Wirtschafts-
prüfungs gesellschaft for election as Company and Group auditor at the Annual General Meeting 2015, the 
Audit Committee obtained a Declaration of Independence from the proposed auditor. The Audit Committee 
also considered the scope and composition of non-audit services, including tax advisory services provided by 
KPMG entities to the BMW Group. There were no indications of conflicts of interest, grounds for exclusion 
or lack of independence on the part of the auditor.
The fee proposals for the audit of the year-end Company and Group Financial Statements 2015 and the 
review of the six-month Interim Financial Report were deemed appropriate by the Audit Committee. Sub-
sequent to the Annual General Meeting 2015, the Audit Committee therefore appointed KPMG AG for the 
relevant engagements and specified audit focus areas.
The Head of Group Controlling reported to the Audit Committee on the current risk profile and on risk 
management processes and developments within the BMW Group.
The Head of Group Financial Reporting provided a description of various aspects of the internal control 
system (ICS) underlying financial reporting and explained measures being taken to further improve the system. 
Testing performed during the year under report did not highlight any material ICS weaknesses that could 
jeopardise the system’s effectiveness.

--- Page 11 ---
11   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
The Chairman of the BMW Group Compliance Committee reported to the Audit Committee on the 
current compliance situation, which, as in the previous year, was deemed satisfactory overall. None of the 
information received relating to potential non-compliance or actual incidences of non-compliance identified 
in specific cases give any indication of serious or systematic non-compliance with applicable requirements. 
Moreover, the Audit Committee requested and received information regarding the further expansion of the 
BMW Group Compliance Organisation.
The Head of Group Internal Audit reported to the Audit Committee on significant findings of audits con-
ducted by Group Internal Audit on the industrial and financial services sides of the business. In addition, 
he provided information on the main topics of planned audits in both areas.
The Audit Committee has already obtained detailed information regarding audit reforms within the EU, 
particularly with respect to preparing the selection of the auditor.
The Audit Committee and Supervisory Board obtained an auditor’s assurance report regarding compliance 
with regulatory requirements for off-market transactions made by BMW AG involving derivatives. The effec-
tiveness of the system that BMW AG currently employs to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements 
was confirmed. With an addition to its procedural rules, the Supervisory Board transferred tasks related to 
examinations of this type to the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee concurred with the decision of the Board of Management to raise the Company’s 
share capital in accordance with § 4 (5) of the Articles of Incorporation (Authorised Capital 2014) by € 309,860 
and to issue a corresponding number of new non-voting bearer shares of preferred stock, each with a par value 
of € 1, at favourable conditions to employees.
The Personnel Committee convened four times during the financial year 2015. One of its tasks is to prepare 
decisions relating to the composition of the Board of Management. In one case, the Personnel Committee 
gave its approval for a member of the Board of Management to accept a mandate for membership of the 
supervisory board of a non-BMW Group entity.
The Nomination Committee convened twice in 2015 to deliberate on successor planning for mandates of 
the shareholders’ representatives and adopt recommendations for proposals for election at the 2015 and 
2016 Annual General Meetings, taking the composition objectives stipulated by the Supervisory Board into 
due account.
The statutory Mediation Committee was not required to convene during the financial year 2015.
Composition and organisation of the Board of Management  After the Annual General Meeting held 
on 13 May 2015, I resigned from the Board of Management as previously announced and Harald Krüger took 
over as Chairman of the Board of Management. The Supervisory Board had previously appointed Oliver Zipse 
as member of the Board of Management for the first time with effect from the end of the Annual General 
Meeting. Mr Zipse has worked for the BMW Group since 1991, most recently as head of Group Planning and 
Product Strategy. He took over responsibility for Production from Harald Krüger. In the financial year 2015, 
the Supervisory Board resolved to extend the mandate of one Board of Management member.
Composition of the Supervisory Board, the Presiding Board and Supervisory Board Committees  In 
order to facilitate the generational change at the top of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board, 
which he both planned and personally supported, Professor Joachim Milberg resigned from the Supervisory 
Board immediately after the 2015 Annual General Meeting. As previously announced, he will be playing a 
leading role in the worldwide social engagement and philanthropic work of BMW AG, in particular as Chair-
man of the Board of Trustees of the BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt. Professor Milberg has faithfully served 
and had a major influence on the BMW Group over a period of many years, beginning in 1993, first as 

--- Page 12 ---
12
member and then as Chairman of the Board of Management from 1999. As from 2002 he served firstly as 
member and finally, from 2005, as Chairman of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board wishes to 
take this opportunity to express its great respect for, and appreciation of, Professor Milberg’s achievements.
Wolfgang Mayrhuber also resigned from the Supervisory Board at his own request at the end of the 2015 
Annual General Meeting. The Supervisory Board wishes to thank Mr Mayrhuber for his more than ten years 
of valuable, trusted cooperation.
Simone Menne was elected to the Supervisory Board as new shareholder representative. Professor Dr 
Henning Kagermann was re-elected as member of the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting in 
2015.
After my election to the Supervisory Board by the Annual General Meeting in 2015, the Supervisory Board 
members elected me as their new Chairman. In this capacity, and in accordance with the relevant terms of 
reference, I remained Chairman of the Personnel and Nomination Committees. I was also elected member of 
the Audit Committee. The Corporate Governance Report contains a summary of the composition of the 
Supervisory Board and its committees.
Examination of financial statements and the profit distribution proposal  KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungs-
gesellschaft conducted a review of the abridged Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim Group 
Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2015. The results of the review were presented 
to the Audit Committee by representatives of KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft. No issues were iden-
tified that might indicate that the abridged Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim Group Manage-
ment Report had not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applicable provisions.
The Group and Company Financial Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the 
year ended 31 December 2015 and the Combined Management Report – as authorised for issue by the 
Board of Management on 18 February 2016 – were audited by KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
and given an unqualified audit opinion.
The Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report, the long-form audit reports of the 
external auditors and the Board of Management’s profit distribution proposal were made available to all 
members of the Supervisory Board in a timely manner.
In a first step, the Audit Committee dutifully examined and discussed these documents at a meeting held 
on 25 February 2016. The Supervisory Board subsequently examined the relevant drafts of the Board of 
Management at its meeting on 9 March 2016, after hearing the committee chairman’s report on the meeting of 
the Audit Committee. In both meetings, the Board of Management gave a detailed explanation of the fi-
nancial reports it had prepared. Representatives of the external auditors attended both meetings, reported 
on significant findings and answered any additional questions raised by the members of the Supervisory 
Board. They also confirmed that the risk management system established by the Board of Management is 
capable of identifying any events or developments that might impair the going-concern status of the Company 
and that no material weaknesses in the internal control system and risk management system were found 
with regard to the financial reporting process. Similarly, they confirmed that they had not identified any facts 
in the course of their audit work that were inconsistent with the contents of the Declaration of Compliance 
issued jointly by the two boards.
Based on thorough examinations at both Audit Committee and full Supervisory Board level, the Super-
visory Board concurred with the results of the external audit. In accordance with the conclusion reached after 
the examination by the Audit Committee and Supervisory Board, no objections were raised. The Group and 
Company Financial Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the financial year 2015 
prepared by the Board of Management were approved at the Supervisory Meeting held on 9 March 2016. The 
separate financial statements have therefore been adopted.

--- Page 13 ---
13   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
The Supervisory Board also examined the proposal of the Board of Management to use the unappropriated 
profit to pay an increased dividend of € 3.20 per share of common stock and € 3.22 per share of non-voting 
preferred stock. The Supervisory Board considers the proposal appropriate and therefore concurs with it.
Expression of appreciation by the Supervisory Board  The financial year 2015 has again been a record 
year for the BMW Group. The Supervisory Board wishes to thank the members of the Board of Management 
and the entire staff of the BMW Group worldwide for their outstanding work and concerted performance.
Munich, 9 March 2016
On behalf of the Supervisory Board 
Norbert Reithofer
Chairman of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 14 ---
14
Harald Krüger – Chairman of the Board of Management

--- Page 15 ---
15   STATEMENT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
The 7 March 2016 marked an historic milestone in the history of our company. 100 years of Bayerische 
 Motoren Werke is the achievement of all the company’s associates since its founding in 1916 right up until 
today. Our experiences and strengths establish the foundation for our future. However, we also know that 
it is not past accomplishments but profitable growth, strength in innovation and competitiveness that deter-
mine the success of a company. This is why we are using the occasion of our centenary as a springboard for 
“The Next 100 Years”. This makes it clear that the company’s strategy is and remains geared towards the 
long term.
Successful development continued in the financial year 2015  The financial year 2015 was a successful 
year for the BMW Group. We achieved new all-time highs for performance indicators such as sales, Group 
revenues, Group profit before tax and net profit.
The strength of our premium brands is the backbone of our success  Our three premium brands fascinate 
people all around the world. In 2015, more than 2.2 million customers chose a BMW, MINI or Rolls-Royce, 
more than in any other year. This was a solid increase of 6.1 per cent over the previous year. For the first time 
in our corporate history, the BMW brand sold more than 1.9 million vehicles. With almost 137,000 motor-
cycles and scooters, BMW Motorrad also achieved a new record in sales. The MINI brand also reported the 
best year ever, with over 338,400 vehicles sold. Rolls-Royce Motor Cars delivered 3,785 vehicles to customers, 
making 2015 the second-best year in its 112-year history.
We continue to strive for a globally balanced distribution of value creation  We continue to pursue a balanced 
distribution of sales between the world’s three major regions, Europe, Asia and America. In view of the 
heterogeneous and volatile development of the markets, our distribution strategy allows us to respond more 
swiftly to fluctuations and to avoid overdependence on any single region. Europe is still our largest sales region. 
Last year we surpassed the mark of one million vehicles sold there for the very first time. Overall, close to 
45 per cent of our cars were delivered to customers in Europe. Asia accounted for approximately 30 per cent 
of sales, the Americas for 22 per cent.
We are strategically expanding our global production network of currently 30 sites in 14 countries. Our 
second engine plant in Shenyang opened in January 2016. In Mexico, preparations for the construction of our 
new plant in San Luis Potosí are proceeding according to schedule. On top of that, we are currently expanding 
the company’s largest production site in Spartanburg, USA in order to be able to meet the high demand 
for our premium sports activity vehicles.
Positive sales development reflected in key financials  Our successful development in sales is reflected in 
our key financials: with over 92 billion euros in sales revenues, the BMW Group posted a significant growth 
of 14.6 per cent over the previous year. As forecasted, the Group profit before tax achieved solid growth of 
5.9 per cent to a new high of 9.2 billion euros. The annual net profit increased by 10 per cent to around 6.4 billion 
euros. The EBIT margin in the Automotive segment stands at 9.2 per cent and therefore remains within our 
strategic target range.
With over 1.65 million new contracts with customers and a profit before tax of 1.98 billion euros, the 
 Financial Services segment once again made a significant contribution to the Group result. The EBT in the 
segment grew significantly to 14.6 per cent and stands well above the previous year’s level.
The Motorcycle segment is profitable due to its successful growth strategy. Based on an operating result 
of 182 million euros in 2015, the segment reported an EBIT margin of 9.1 per cent.
Therefore, we achieved the goals we set for the 2015 financial year and we managed to do so in an environ-
ment characterised by intense competition as well as economic and political volatility.

--- Page 16 ---
16
We continue to fascinate our customers with new models and technologies  In 2015, we launched a total 
of 15 new models and model revisions in the market, among them the new BMW 2 Series Gran Tourer, the 
new BMW X1 and the new MINI Clubman. At Rolls-Royce, the new Drophead Coupe called Dawn celebrated 
its world premiere at the International Motor Show in Frankfurt. The model is scheduled to be introduced 
in 2016. Most importantly, the model year 2015 was marked by the launch of the sixth generation of the new 
BMW 7 Series. With its high-end innovations, our flagship has set new benchmarks in driving dynamics, 
efficiency as well as driver assistance systems.
BMW i attracts new customer groups to the BMW brand  With Efficient Dynamics technology and especially 
with the BMW i models, the BMW Group has irreversibly charted the course towards sustainable mobility. 
At the end of 2015, average emissions for our new car fleet stood at 127 grams of CO2 per kilometre. Last 
year, we sold close to 30,000 BMW i vehicles – up around 66 per cent year-on-year. The fully electric BMW i3 is 
already available in 50 countries; it is also the only vehicle with a certified carbon balance for the supply chain, 
production, use and recycling. It has attracted new customers to the BMW brand – 80 per cent of i3 buyers 
have never driven a BMW before. We have repeatedly stressed that electromobility is not a sprint but a mara-
thon. In order to enable access to e-mobility to many people, the BMW i3 has been included in our DriveNow 
car-sharing fleet. Furthermore, the BMW Group and its partners support the establishment of a comprehensive 
charging infrastructure in Europe, China and the USA.
Consistent technology transfer from BMW i to the BMW core brand  The technologies developed for BMW i 
are now also being incorporated in the models of our BMW core brand. This includes battery cells, the elec-
tronic control unit and electric drives from the i3 and i8 as well as our expertise in lightweight construction. 
A good example of this technology transfer is the Carbon Core of the new BMW 7 Series, a mixed-material 
design for the car body structure made of carbon fibre reinforced plastics (CFRP), aluminum and steel. This 
Carbon Core received the EuroCarBody Award 2015, the world’s most prestigious recognition for innova-
tions in car body construction.
A broad range of innovative, efficient drivetrains plays a crucial role in adhering to the increasingly strin-
gent requirements for the reduction of emissions. BMW’s first plug-in hybrid series model has already been 
released: the X5 xDrive40e. As of July 2016, all BMW plug-in hybrid models will be offered under the label of 
“iPerformance” – from the BMW 2 Series Active Tourer to the BMW 7 Series. Furthermore, our iPerformance 
customers will benefit from a 360° Electric offer, including a wall-mounted charging box and more.
Realignment of the company with Strategy NUMBER ONE > NEXT  Our Strategy Number ONE has been 
the guideline for our actions since autumn 2007. Since the global economic and financial crisis, the company 
has developed successfully. At the same time, our environment has changed at a rapid pace. Digitalisation, 
in particular, has brought about new technological opportunities for the automobile industry, ranging from 
automated driving to connectivity in production.
Long-term growth targets up to 2020  In the light of these developments, we have revised and updated our 
strategy for the future. We are operating from a solid basis: the BMW Group successfully combines financial 
strength, innovation and profitability with further growth, and we intend to pursue this path further with 
Strategy NUMBER ONE > NEXT.
Our business model will continue to focus on individual mobility in the premium segment – combined 
with attractive mobility services. The customer is at the heart of everything we do. We are setting out long-
term targets that will guide us up to 2020 and are gradually implementing the related action plan.
Highly automated driving is becoming a part of the intelligent car of the future  With BMW ConnectedDrive, 
the BMW Group has been in a leading position when it comes to driver assistance systems for the past two 
decades. These systems improve safety and comfort for our customers.
At the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas we presented our self-driving BMW i3, which is 
able to avoid obstacles and park itself. At the CES 2016, we showcased the BMW i8 Vision Future Interaction, 
