
--- Page 7 ---
7   RepoRt  of the SupeRviSoRy BoaRd
Dear Shareholders and Shareholder Representatives,
The BMW Group has again fared extremely well over the past financial year. Throughout the twelve-
month period, we diligently supervised the Board of Management’s running of the business and, in joint 
consultations, supported it in an advisory capacity. Our work within the Supervisory Board and in con-
junction with the Board of Management was conducted openly, constructively and in a spirit of trust.
Main emphases of the Supervisory Board’s monitoring and advisory activities  In a total of five meet-
ings, we deliberated on the BMW Group’s current situation. Other matters at the forefront of our consulta-
tions were corporate strategy and planning for the BMW Group as a whole, the strategy being pursued for the 
Financial Services segment in particular, risk management and levels of risk provision. Decisions were also 
taken with respect to the composition and compensation of the Board of Management and an examination 
of corporate governance within the enterprise was carried out. In 2013 we paid particular attention to the 
progress being made in the field of electromobility and to the efforts expended and the challenges arising for 
the BMW Group regarding the necessity to continue to reduce emissions.
We carefully monitored the performance of the BMW Group and were regularly kept informed of sales 
performance, workforce developments and other significant matters, both at scheduled meetings and at 
other times as the need arose. Moreover, the Chairman of the Board of Management, Dr Reithofer, informed 
me directly about major business transactions and projects. In addition to scheduled meetings, Dr Kley, the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee, and Dr Eichiner, the Board of Management member 
responsible for Finance and Financial Reporting, remained in direct contact at other times.
In its regular reports on the financial condition of the Group, the Board of Management presented its 
 assessment of economic developments in important regions of the world, commented on sales volume and 
competitive issues within the Automotive and Motorcycles segments and highlighted fluctuations in the 
size of the workforce. We were also kept informed of the performance of the Financial Services segment, 
 including new retail business volumes, the size of the contract portfolio with dealers and retail customers, 
total business volume and the development of vehicle residual values on major markets.
The business status reports provided by the Board of Management also dealt with important ongoing 
 activities and projects, such as the current status of the realigned strategy adopted for BMW Motorrad as well 
as the progress of cooperation discussions and projects with Toyota. The Supervisory Board was also informed 
of any temporary delays affecting spare parts supplies during the summer and deliberated on causes and 
countermeasures required.
One of the Supervisory Board meetings was held at the BMW site in Berlin, where we visited BMW Motorrad’s 
production facilities. The Board of Management and local management representatives took this opportunity 
to present their vision of the new strategic direction of the motorcycle line of business, with its focus on the 
premium segment. As well as receiving an insight into new product concepts, we were also informed of the 
range of measures currently being implemented in the fields of production, sales and marketing, aimed at 
 attracting new motorcycle customer groups and making inroads on emerging markets with appropriate 
products.
We looked at the regulatory situation on the world’s major markets, particularly in the EU, China, USA and 
Japan, both for vehicles powered by combustion engines and those with alternative drive systems. The Board 
of Management elucidated numerous options for achieving further reductions in carbon emission levels for 
conventional vehicles and the genuine benefits that can be generated by expanding electromobility products 

--- Page 8 ---
8
and services in various markets. Future emission targets currently being mulled over by policymakers, the 
various proposals put forward in this context and their likely impact on the BMW Group as a premium manu-
facturer and on the competitive situation were also discussed with the Board of Management.
We devoted considerable time to deliberating on the expectations and needs of customers with respect to 
electric mobility. In this context, we gave careful consideration to the production and marketing concepts for 
the BMW i3, including complementary services and measures, such as the BMW Battery Certificate or Range 
Extender, both of which have been developed to meet specific customer requirements.
At one two-day meeting of the Supervisory Board, corporate and product strategies were considered, the 
Long-term Business Forecast examined and time set aside for a detailed look at a range of salient technical 
and marketing topics.
During the first part of the meeting we again discussed with the Board of Management the findings of 
its annual review of the Group’s Strategy Number ONE, including various potential risk scenarios. The 
Board of Management reported on the distribution of sales volume and added value, focusing in particular 
on the latest status of projects in China and on plans for building further production sites in Brazil, Russia 
and the NAFTA region.
In conjunction with vehicle presentations, Supervisory Board members also had the opportunity to 
test-drive a number of BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce vehicles, including the BMW i3 and BMW i8. Presenta-
tions were also made by senior department heads on selected marketing and technical topics related to 
 electromobility.
After concluding the Annual Strategy Review, the second part of the meeting included an in-depth dis-
cussion of the long-term business forecast drawn up by the Board of Management for the years from 2014 to 
2019 and, after thorough examination and deliberation, we gave the required approval. We remain firm in 
our conviction that the strategic direction set by the Board of Management for the BMW Group is robust and 
sustainable.
The Board of Management reported to us on the performance and strategy of the Financial Services 
segment, explaining the principal aspects of its internal management and organisation. We deliberated on 
the role the segment plays within the Group, including a discussion of the impact of increasing regulation 
in the financial sector.
We also thoroughly examined the Annual Budget for the financial year 2014, which was presented by the 
Board of Management in November 2013. We fully support the focus being placed on growth and quality of 
earnings.
We were also briefed in detail by the Board of Management on the results of regional customer surveys 
 relating to product quality, the perception of quality and the acceptance of concepts. The assurance and 
 improvement of quality processes and measures were explained to us and we were also afforded an interest-
ing insight into regional and cultural differences in customer expectations. In all cases, the Board of Manage-
ment emphasised its aspiration to maintain the highest level of quality.
The Supervisory Board and the Board of Management jointly addressed the topic of corporate governance 
within the BMW Group on several occasions in 2013. Following the amendment to the variable component 
of Supervisory Board compensation by the Annual General Meeting in May 2013, the remuneration structure 

--- Page 9 ---
9   RepoRt  of the SupeRviSoRy BoaRd
now complies with all relevant recommendations of the German Government Corporate Governance Code 
Commission. In the most recent Declaration of Compliance, which was issued in December 2013, the 
Board of Management and the Supervisory Board resolved that the BMW Group should comply with the 
recommendations of the German Government Corporate Governance Code Commission published on 
15 June 2013 (Code version; 15 May 2013), without exception and with effect from the applicable date.
Again in 2013, in both the Personnel Committee and the full Supervisory Board we examined both the 
structure and the amount of the compensation that Board of Management members receive. In order to vali-
date the suitability of the system and the appropriateness of results, we reviewed the comparable trends for 
business performance and Board of Management compensation on a multi-year basis. We also gave general 
consideration to the development of the remuneration of executive managers and employees of BMW AG 
within Germany over the course of time. Moreover, we sought the expertise of an external compensation 
consultant, independent of both Company and Board of Management, and evaluated compensation studies 
for the DAX. To accommodate the desire for a consistent remuneration model throughout the Group, the 
Personnel Committee also made enquiries into the structure of management remuneration and the status 
of any planned changes to that structure. Relevant points were discussed by the full Supervisory Board, 
where, after deliberation, it was decided that a fundamental change to the Board of Management compensa-
tion system is not required.
Pension entitlements were also reviewed. Based on a proposal put forward by the Personnel Committee, 
and after discussion with an independent compensation consultant, with effect from the financial year 
2013 we resolved to increase the extent to which contributions for Board of Management members are stag-
gered. Future calculations will be based on the length of service on the board as well as previous activities 
and individual amounts will be increased to take account of benchmark developments in the DAX. For these 
purposes, we considered the estimated impact on compensation as a whole and on the probable future level 
of pensions.
In the course of implementing the recommendations of the German Government Corporate Governance 
Code Commission, we set caps for the individual components and the total amount of compensation for 
Board of Management members with effect from the financial year 2014. The target compensation levels for 
Board of Management members remain unchanged. The employment contracts of current Board of Manage-
ment members were amended, with the agreement of those members, with effect from 1 January 2014. 
 Detailed information with respect to Board of Management compensation, including a summary of remunera-
tion caps, is shown in the Compensation Report.
In conjunction with the joint examination of corporate governance, the Board of Management informed 
us (both in the Personnel Committee and in the full Supervisory Board) on the status of implementation of 
the diversity concept throughout the BMW Group, a concept which is not merely restricted to a focus on gen-
der, but which is aimed at promoting diversity in other areas, particularly in terms of cultural diversity and 
the international character of the workforce. In this context, the Board of Management informed us regarding 
the percentage of women occupying management positions and changes thereto, in particular at senior 
management level and executive level below the Board of Management, as well as the planned measures to 
increase this percentage.
With regard to its own composition, based on a detailed composition profile, the Supervisory Board 
decided upon specific appointment goals in 2010, which are discussed in detail in the Corporate Governance 
Report. These appointment goals were not changed in 2013. No conflicts of interest arose during the year 
under report on the part of members of either of the boards. Significant transactions with Supervisory 

--- Page 10 ---
10
Board members and other related parties as defined by IAS 24, including close relatives and intermediary 
entities, are examined on a quarterly basis.
We endeavour to assess and continuously improve the efficiency of the work performed by the Super visory 
Board and its committees. The Chairman of the Audit Committee and myself are therefore always glad to 
 receive comments and suggestions for improvement from Supervisory Board members. The formal examina-
tion of the Supervisory Board’s efficiency is also treated once each year as a separate agenda point for dis-
cussion, for which preparations are made with the aid of a questionnaire.
Each of the five Supervisory Board meetings in 2013 was attended on average by over 95 % of its mem-
bers, a fact that can be tied in to the analysis of attendance fees for individual members, as disclosed in 
the Compensation Report. No member of the Supervisory Board was absent at more than two meetings 
during their period of office. Presiding Board and committee meetings were fully attended in the vast 
 majority of cases.
Description of Presiding Board activities and committee work  In order to work more efficiently and 
prepare complex issues and decisions with greater thoroughness, the Supervisory Board has established a 
Presiding Board and several committees. A description of the duties, composition and work procedures of 
these committees is provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
The relevant committee chairpersons provided timely and comprehensive accounts of the work of the 
Presiding Board and committees and I personally brought the representatives of the shareholders up to date 
about the work of the Nomination Committee.
In a total of four meetings, the Presiding Board focused mainly on preparing topics for the meetings of 
the full Supervisory Board, unless this fell under the remit of one of the committees. Complex issues, such as 
the Long-term Business Forecast and the Annual Strategic Review, were dealt with on the basis of written 
and oral reports provided by Board of Management members and senior department heads. The Head of 
Financial Services, for instance, reported to us on segment strategy, business developments, credit risks 
and leasing vehicle residual value risks as well as providing us with detailed information on the current status 
of various strategic projects. The Presiding Board selected further topics of discussion for Supervisory Board 
meetings and made suggestions to the Board of Management regarding items to be included in its reports to 
the full Supervisory Board.
The Audit Committee held four meetings and three telephone conference calls during 2013. The Interim 
Financial Reports were discussed with the Board of Management in those telephone conference calls, prior 
to their publication. Representatives of the external auditors were present during the telephone conference 
call held to present the Interim Financial Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2013. The report 
had been subjected to review by the external auditors.
The Audit Committee meeting held in spring 2013 was primarily dedicated to preparing the Supervisory 
Board meeting at which the financial statements were examined. Prior to proposing KPMG AG Wirt schafts-
prüfungs gesellschaft for election as Company and Group auditor at the 2013 Annual General Meeting, we 
obtained a Declaration of Independence from KPMG.
The Audit Committee also considered the scope and composition of non-audit services, including tax 
advisory services provided by KPMG entities to the BMW Group. There were no indications of conflicts of 
interest, grounds for exclusion or lack of independence on the part of the auditor.

--- Page 11 ---
11   RepoRt  of the SupeRviSoRy BoaRd
The fee proposals for the audit of the year-end Company and Group Financial Statements 2013 and the 
 review of the six-month Interim Financial Report were deemed appropriate by the Audit Committee. Sub-
sequent to the Annual General Meeting 2013, the Audit Committee therefore appointed KPMG AG for the 
relevant engagements and, with due consideration to the suggestions made by the full Supervisory Board, 
specified audit focus areas, which, in 2013, included the measurement of warranty and pension provisions 
as well as the recognition of development costs incurred in conjunction with cooperation agreements.
The Head of Group Financial Reporting reported to the Audit Committee on risk management processes 
in place throughout the BMW Group, including an in-depth description of the internal control system (ICS) 
underlying financial reporting. The procedures for determining the degree of maturity of a unit’s ICS were ex-
plained on an illustrative basis for a plant, a sales company and a financial services company.
The Chairman of the BMW Group Compliance Committee reported to the Audit Committee on the cur-
rent compliance situation, which, as in the previous year, was deemed satisfactory overall. None of the in-
formation received relating to potential non-compliance or actual incidences of non-compliance identified in 
specific cases give any indication of serious or systematic non-compliance with applicable requirements.
The Head of Group Internal Audit reported to us in the Audit Committee on the significant findings of 
audits conducted by Group Internal Audit, on both the industrial and financial services sides of the business, 
and put forward suggested recommendations for improvement.
We concurred in the Audit Committee with the decision of the Board of Management to raise the Com-
pany’s share capital in accordance with § 4 (5) of the Articles of Incorporation (Authorised Capital 2009) by 
€265,570 and to issue a corresponding number of new non-voting bearer shares of preferred stock, each with 
a par value of € 1, at favourable conditions to employees.
The Personnel Committee convened four times during the financial year 2013.
In preparation of the full Supervisory Board’s meetings, we reviewed the structure and appropriateness 
of Board of Management compensation, including pension entitlements. We also worked on proposals to 
 increase the extent to which pension contributions for Board of Management members are staggered and to 
implement the latest recommendations of the German Government Corporate Governance Code Commis-
sion relating to compensation and / or changes in employment contracts. In one case, we also gave our approval 
for a member of the Board of Management to accept the mandate for membership of the supervisory board 
of a non-BMW Group entity.
The Nomination Committee convened twice during the financial year 2013. At these meetings, we de-
liberated on medium and long-term successor planning for the shareholders’ representatives on the Super-
visory Board and considered proposals for candidates for the Supervisory Board elections at the 2013 and 
2014 Annual General Meetings, taking the composition objectives stipulated for the Supervisory Board into 
due account.
The statutory Mediation Committee (§ 27 (3)) of the Law on Worker Participation) was not required to be 
convened during the financial year 2013.
Composition and organisation of the Board of Management  It was with much regret, but also with a great 
deal of respect and understanding, that we accepted the decision taken by Frank-Peter Arndt to step down 
from his position as Board of Management member responsible for Production with effect from 31 March 2013 

--- Page 12 ---
12
for reasons of health. We expressed our deep appreciation to Mr Arndt for his many years of committed and 
conscientious service and for the personal contribution he made to the success of the BMW Group. Details of 
the arrangements put in place for Mr Arndt following the termination of his board activities are provided in 
the Compensation Report.
In conjunction with a reassignment of responsibilities within the Board of Management with effect from 
1 April 2013, responsibility for Production was entrusted to Harald Krüger, who had been in charge of the 
MINI, BMW Motorrad, Rolls-Royce and BMW Group Aftersales division since its creation in 2012. With effect 
from 1 April 2013, the Supervisory Board appointed Peter Schwarzenbauer as member of the Board of Manage-
ment. With many years of management experience in the premium segment of the automobile industry 
 behind him, Mr Schwarzenbauer took over responsibility for the MINI, BMW Motorrad, Rolls-Royce, After-
sales BMW Group division from Mr Krüger as part of the reallocation of responsibilities within the Board 
of Management. The appointment of one member of the Board of Management was renewed by the Super-
visory Board.
Composition of the Supervisory Board, the Presiding Board and Supervisory Board Committees  Fol-
lowing the resignation of Oliver Zipse as executive staff representative on the Supervisory Board with effect 
from 31 March 2013, in order to take up a new management position within the BMW Group, the District 
Court of Munich – based on a proposal made by executive staff – appointed Dr Markus Schramm (Head of 
Aftersales Business Management and Mobility Services BMW Group) as executive staff representative on 
the Supervisory Board for the remaining term of office. Maria Schmidt retired on 30 June 2013 and therefore 
ceased to be a member of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board thanked the members leaving office 
for their constructive work within the Supervisory Board. The District Court of Munich appointed Brigitte 
Rödig as employee representative on the Supervisory Board to replace Maria Schmidt for the remaining term 
of office. Following these changes, the proportion of women in the Supervisory Board remains at 20 %.
Following my own re-election to the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting 2013, the Super-
visory Board again decided to elect me as its Chairman and member of the Audit Committee. In accordance 
with the relevant terms of reference, I remained Chairman of the Personnel and Nomination Committees. 
Following his re-election to the Supervisory Board, Dr Kley was again elected as the 4th Deputy Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board, as member of the Personnel and Nomination Committees and also Chairman of 
the Audit Committee. The Corporate Governance Report includes an overview of the composition of the 
Supervisory Board and its committees.
Examination of financial statements and the profit distribution proposal  KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungs-
gesellschaft conducted a review of the abridged Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim Group 
Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2013. The results of the review were also reported 
orally to the Audit Committee. No issues were identified that might indicate that the abridged Interim 
Group Financial Statements and Interim Group Management Report had not been prepared, in all material 
respects, in accordance with the applicable provisions.
The Group and Company Financial Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the 
year ended 31 December 2013 and the Combined Management Report – as authorised for issue by the Board 
of Management on 20 February 2014 – were audited by KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft and 
 given an unqualified audit opinion.
The Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report, the long-form audit reports of the 
external auditors and the Board of Management’s profit distribution proposal were made available to all 

--- Page 13 ---
13   RepoRt  of the SupeRviSoRy BoaRd
members of the Supervisory Board in a timely manner. At the meeting held on 5 March 2014, these docu-
ments were examined and discussed in detail by the Audit Committee. The Supervisory Board subsequently 
examined these documents at its meeting on 13 March 2014, after hearing the committee chairman’s report 
on the meeting of the Audit Committee. In both meetings, the Board of Management gave a detailed expla-
nation of the financial reports it had prepared. Representatives of KPMG attended both meetings, reported 
on significant findings and answered any additional questions raised by the members of the Supervisory 
Board. They also confirmed that the risk management system established by the Board of Management is 
 capable of identifying any events or developments that might impair the going-concern status of the Com-
pany and that no material weaknesses in the internal control system and risk management system were 
found with regard to the financial reporting process. Similarly, they confirmed that they had not identified 
any facts in the course of their audit work that were inconsistent with the contents of the Declaration of 
Compliance issued jointly by the two boards.
Based on thorough examination by the Audit Committee and the full Supervisory Board, we concurred 
with the results of the external audit. In accordance with the conclusion reached after the examination by 
the Audit Committee and Supervisory Board, no objections were raised. The Group and Company Financial 
Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the financial year 2013 prepared by the 
Board of Management were approved at the Supervisory Meeting held on 13 March 2014. The separate finan-
cial statements have therefore been adopted.
Both in the Audit Committee and in the full Supervisory Board, we examined the proposal of the Board 
of Management to use the unappropriated profit to pay a dividend of € 2.60 per share of common stock and 
€ 2.62 per share of non-voting preferred stock. Taking account of the financial condition of the BMW Group, 
we consider the proposal appropriate and concur with it.
Expression of appreciation by the Supervisory Board  We are well aware that the motivation of our em-
ployees and their strong sense of identification with the BMW Group are key factors for its success and future 
prospects. We wish to express our appreciation to the members of the Board of Management and the entire 
workforce worldwide for their hard work and valuable contribution towards the successful financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2013.
Munich, 13 March 2014
On behalf of the Supervisory Board 
Joachim Milberg
Chairman of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 14 ---
14
Norbert  Reithofer 
Chairman of the Board of Management

--- Page 15 ---
15   StateMent of the ChaiRMan of the BoaRd of ManageMent
Dear Shareholders,
Our vision at the BMW Group focuses on long-term thinking, successfully charting our own course and 
leading the way for our industry.
Four straight record years for the BMW Group.  For years, we have stood at the pinnacle of the world’s 
automotive premium segment. Even during the 2008 / 2009 global financial and economic crisis, we reported 
a profit and paid a dividend. Since then, the BMW Group has enjoyed four consecutive record years. Investors 
in our Company can look forward to long-term value enhancement and our shareholders can rely on us to 
achieve profitable growth – even in the face of high volatility and challenges in our business environment. For 
this  reason, we continue to invest in our future, in all areas of individual mobility. For us as a premium manu-
facturer, innovation and entrepreneurial spirit are key towards growing and creating new trends.
2013 financial year – the success continues.  Our vehicles are more desirable than ever: we delivered 
more than 1.96 million BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce cars to customers in 2013, exceeding the previous year’s 
record by 6.4 %. Individually, our three automobile brands also posted record sales, with more than 1.65 mil-
lion BMW, over 305,000 MINI and exactly 3,630 Rolls-Royce motor cars sold. We offer customers a full 
spectrum of premium products – from MINI in the small car segment to Rolls-Royce in the ultra-luxury class. 
Our core BMW brand represents sheer driving pleasure: the BMW 3 Series, 5 Series and 6 Series models 
and the BMW X1 are all leaders in their respective segments. The BMW brand also comprises efficient high-per-
formance models from BMW M and the particularly sustainable vehicles of the BMW i family, with the 
BMW i3 and, from 2014, the BMW i8.
BMW Motorrad, which celebrated its 90th anniversary last year, delivered more than 115,200 motorcycles 
to customers. In the shrinking market segment above 500 cc, BMW Motorrad defied the trend, posting sig-
nificant growth and beating the previous year’s sales by 8.3 per cent. The Financial Services segment, with 
operations in more than 50 countries, also continues to grow and made a significant contribution to our sales 
and earnings in 2013.
Valuable premium brands and desirable products and services are the foundation for our business success. 
Group profit before tax increased by 1.4 % to around € 7.9 billion in 2013, reaching the same level as our 2012 
record year, as forecast. Net profit rose by 4.5 % to more than € 5.3 billion.
These results reflect the day-to-day performance, know-how and personal commitment of our employees 
worldwide. All of us at the BMW Group share a passion for mobility. We identify with our Company and its 
products. All business areas performed well in 2013. On behalf of the Board of Management, I would like to 
thank all our employees for their dedication. I would also like to express our sincere gratitude to our retail 
organisation, suppliers and partners, who all contribute to the success of the BMW Group.
Balanced growth a key ingredient for success.  Our Company has its roots in Munich and in Germany. 
But, today, the BMW Group is a global company that sells its products in more than 140 countries. Our 
 vehicles are produced at 28 locations in 13 countries. At all our locations, we take our corporate responsibility 
seriously.

--- Page 16 ---
16
We target balanced growth in the three main economic regions of the world. Thanks to our highly flexible 
production network, we are able to avoid overdependence on any one region and offset market fluctuations. 
The flexibility of our production network allows us to quickly adapt to changing external circumstances.
In 2013, our sales were evenly distributed between the three main economic regions of Europe, Asia 
and the Americas. Gains in the Americas and Asia compensated for weak markets in a number of Euro-
pean countries. In 2013, our two largest single markets, China and the US, accounted for around 20 and 
19 %, respectively, of total Group sales, followed by our domestic market of Germany with around 13 % of 
sales.
When growth markets shift, it is imperative to strengthen our global presence. Since our production follows 
the market, we currently produce more than 45 % of our vehicles outside of Germany. At the same time, 
more and more countries are recognising the economic importance of a locally based automotive industry as 
a driving force for growth and employment. In late 2013, we laid the foundation stone of a new plant in the 
growth market of Brazil.
Entering into e-mobility: we deliver on our promises.  The BMW Group confirmed its position as the 
pacesetter for future mobility in 2013. In late July, the  series model of the BMW i3 made its world debut simul-
taneously in New York, London, Beijing and Munich. This innovative vehicle was specially designed for 
electric mobility and has been well-received by the media worldwide. Customer demand is far exceeding our 
expectations.
With the BMW i3, we have adopted a totally new approach to automobile manufacturing, employing new 
and especially sustainable production processes. This is the first time an entire passenger compartment made 
of carbon-fibre-reinforced plastics (CFRP) has been mass-produced. E-mobility is realised throughout our 
competence network with locations in Leipzig, Dingolfing, Landshut, Wackersdorf and Moses Lake, USA.
The BMW i3 comes with our comprehensive 360°ELECTRIC service package to ensure that everyday 
electric driving is easy and convenient for customers – through recharging at home, for example.
This will be followed in 2014 by the second model from the BMW i family, the BMW i8 plug-in hybrid 
sports car.
Step by step towards our vision for 2020.  Our vision for the year 2020 is to be the leading provider of 
premium products and premium services for individual mobility.
One thing is certain: the Company is already more than just a car manufacturer. Attractive mobility 
services and digital connectivity also play an increasingly important role. With the realignment of its BMW 
ConnectedDrive services, BMW is expanding its position as the leading provider of Internet-based in-car 
 services, focusing on driver assistance systems with comfort and safety functions, as well as infotainment 
and mobility services.
For more and more people worldwide, a vehicle is indispensable and desirable at the same time. That is 
precisely why it is so essential to adapt individual mobility to present and future demands, as well as different 
customer needs. To do this, we think far beyond the car simply as a means of transport.
To us, being the leading premium supplier also means being a leader in the field of sustainability. In every 
project, we consider environmental and social factors, as well as economic aspects, in our decision-making 
