
--- Page 20 ---
18
Statement of the 
Chairman  
of the Board of 
Management
Eighth consecutive sales record
Because customers around the world value our cars and motorcycles so much, the BMW Group 
was able to post record sales for the eighth consecutive year. The BMW Group has been number 
one in the global premium segment for the past 15 years. Our brands BMW, Rolls-Royce and 
BMW Motorrad achieved new all-time highs, while MINI reported its second-highest sales 
result ever. 
For the first time, BMW M GmbH broke through the 100,000 unit sales mark with its M and 
M Performance models.
Despite tough headwinds, second-best result in our history
Group earnings before tax and annual net profit were both the second-highest in our history. As 
previously announced, earnings before tax were moderately lower than last year’s record figure. 
With an EBIT margin of 7.2 percent in the Automotive segment, we exceeded our adjusted target. 
This figure only partially includes our China business, as is usual. The Group EBT margin of 
10.1 percent was above our 10 percent target for the eighth consecutive year. Once again, our 
financial services business made a significant contribution to the Group result.
Dear Shareholders, your company is on a very solid footing and possesses considerable financial 
strength. This means we can continue to invest in new technologies, services and our locations 
as our springboard to the future.
Systematic electrification for emissions-free driving
The future belongs to electric mobility – there is no doubt in my mind about that. But it’s certainly 
not a sprint, it’s a marathon. By late 2019, we aim to have half a million electrified BMW Group 
vehicles on the roads. 
The trend is clear: in Europe, no other manufacturer sells more electrified vehicles than the 
BMW Group. Between 2015 and 2018, sales of our electric models and plug-in hybrids increased 
more than fourfold. 
We are also number one worldwide in registrations of plug-in hybrid vehicles. This technology 
not only gives our customers access to electric driving, it is also a quick and pragmatic way to 
improve air quality in cities. Studies show that plug-in hybrids with an electric range of at least 
60 km are driven in electric mode just as often as pure-electric models.
And there’s more coming on the electric side: 2019 will bring plug-in hybrid variants of the 
new BMW 3 Series, X5 and 7 Series. The X3 will also be available for the first time with a hybrid 
drive train. These will be joined by the first fully electric MINI and, in 2020, by the first fully 
electric BMW – the iX3. 
By the end of 2020, we will have more than ten new and revised models with an electrified 
drive train. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures, our plants will be able to build different 
drive types. 
The heart of an electric vehicle is the electric motor and the battery. We produce both the 
electric drive and the high-voltage battery in-house. In the summer, we will open the new 
BMW Group Battery Cell Competence Centre in Munich, where we will develop so-called 
build-to-print prototypes. For production of base cells, we will be working with the world’s 
largest manufacturer of automotive battery cells, CATL, from China, and with Northvolt in 
a European consortium.
