
--- Page 7 ---
7   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Dear Shareholders and Shareholder Representatives,
Despite the persisting sovereign debt crisis in the eurozone and the volatile economic conditions prevail-
ing in several of our major markets, the BMW Group finished yet another financial year with an outstanding 
overall result.
In our capacity as Supervisory Board, we closely monitored the performance of the BMW Group and 
 developments on specific markets throughout the financial year 2012. We duly advised the Board of Manage-
ment in matters of governance and continuously supervised its running of the business with great diligence. 
In this endeavour we laid great store on an open, trusting and constructive exchange of information and 
opinions.
Main emphases of the Supervisory Board’s monitoring and advisory activities  We deliberated regularly 
on the current performance and financial position of the BMW Group in a total of five meetings. Other areas 
reported on and discussed extensively during the year were corporate strategy and planning, risk provision 
and risk management, and corporate governance. We also made decisions with respect to the composition 
of the Board of Management and the allocation of duties to Board of Management members. The Board of 
Management informed us regularly and promptly of sales performance, workforce developments and other 
significant matters, both at scheduled meetings and at other times as the need arose. In addition, the Chair-
man of the Board of Management, Dr. Reithofer, informed me directly about major business transactions and 
projects. Dr. Kley, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee, regularly exchanged informa-
tion with Dr. Eichiner, the Board of Management member responsible for Finance and Financial Reporting.
In its regular reports on the financial condition of the Group, the Board of Management provided us with 
detailed descriptions of sales volume performance and market developments for each of the Automotive 
and Motorcycles segments as well as the performance of Financial Services, including new business volumes 
and the development of vehicle residual values on key markets. The Board of Management also regularly 
 reported on the Group’s business activities in China, in particular on the sales situation there, the further 
 expansion of production capacities at the BMW Brilliance joint venture’s manufacturing sites in Dadong and 
Tiexi, and on engine production at the Foresight engine plant opened in Shenyang in April 2012. Further-
more, the Board of Management reported to us regularly on current earnings, profitability and major changes 
in the workforce size. Its business status reports also dealt with major current activities and projects, such 
as ongoing developments in the BMW Peugeot Citroën Electrification joint venture, the status of cooperation 
negotiations and agreements with Toyota in the fields of fuel cells, lightweight-construction, development of 
sports cars as well as in the field of battery technology research. After presentation of reports by the Board of 
Management, the two boards also discussed current challenges such as current economic developments and 
the increasing degree of regulation on a number of markets.
We again gave careful consideration to matters concerning the performance, management and future 
prospects of the Financial Services segment. One of the main focuses of reporting and discussion was the 
segment’s financing model. The Board of Management described the current status of projects and the various 
measures employed to ensure access to financial resources, including, for example, the use of asset-backed 
securities and the expansion of BMW Bank GmbH in Europe.
One of the 2012 Supervisory Board meetings was held at the BMW plant in Leipzig, where we took the 
opportunity to obtain information on the use of carbon-fibre-reinforced plastics (CFRP) in the BMW i family 
of electrically powered vehicles and enquire into the state of preparations for production start-up later this 
year. In the new pressing plant specially constructed for this work, we were treated to a practical demonstration 
of how CFRP mats are processed to form CFRP components.

--- Page 8 ---
8
In preparation for our deliberations on the Long-term Business Forecast, the Board of Management 
 explained the principles applied for planning global added value within the Group in the period up to 2024 
as well as the targets set for the configuration and production capacities of the Group’s plants during this 
 period. Additionally, a raft of measures was presented designed to help limit the scale of investment expenditure 
to be incurred in connection with the expansion of production capacities.
Again in 2012, in both the Personnel Committee and the full Supervisory Board, we examined the com-
pensation of Board of Management members for appropriateness. In doing so, we also evaluated compensation 
studies for the DAX and sought the expertise of an external compensation advisor who was independent of 
both the BMW Group and the members of the Board of Management. Adopting a proposal of the Personnel 
Committee, no changes were made to the Board of Management compensation system in 2012. The rules 
governing the purchase of vehicles and other Group products and the use of vehicles by Board of Management 
members were brought into line with those already in place for top-level department heads. Detailed infor-
mation on the compensation of Board of Management members can be found in the Compensation Report 
(page 170 et seq.).
In the second half of the year we again convened for a two-day meeting primarily devoted to corporate 
and product strategy on the one hand and to the Long-term Business Forecast on the other.
In the first part of the meeting we discussed with the Board of Management the findings of its annual 
 review of the Group’s Strategy Number ONE. In light of current developments, this review included a renewed 
examination and assessment of the impact that could potentially arise from various crisis scenarios of varying 
intensity in regions significant for sales performance.
In its report, the Board of Management also considered the strategic planning of worldwide production 
capacities. In addition to the expansion of production capacities at the Spartanburg and Leipzig plants, the 
Board of Management also presented its plans for future production facility and capacity expansion at other 
locations. The Supervisory Board fully supports the Board of Management in its endeavours to exploit growth 
opportunities in specific regions, whilst at the same time maintaining a well-balanced distribution of sales and 
value added across the world’s markets.
In conjunction with our deliberations on product strategy, the Board of Management and the Head of 
 Design for the BMW Group presented and elaborated on selected vehicle projects. Furthermore, in a dis-
cussion with the head of the i product line, we were informed of the Group’s current activities and the needs 
of customers in the field of electromobility and given an insight into some of the solutions arrived at so far, 
such as for the charging of batteries at home and on the road. At our request, other related service concepts 
currently being developed by the BMW Group were explained to us.
We also took a close look at the latest advances being made in the field of emission reduction and avidly 
discussed, together with the Board of Management both the technical and the entrepreneurial challenges 
that need to be mastered, particularly those ensuing from regulatory provisions or customer expectations with 
regard to urban mobility.
The Supervisory Board remains firm in its conviction that the strategic direction set by the Board of 
Management for the BMW Group is robust and sustainable.
In conjunction with vehicle presentations, Supervisory Board members also had the opportunity to drive 
a number of BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce vehicles, including some BMW models equipped with hybrid and 
electric drive systems.

--- Page 9 ---
9   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
After concluding the Annual Strategy Review, the second part of the meeting included an in-depth 
 discussion of the Long-term Business Forecast drawn up by the Board of Management for the years from 
2013 to 2018 and, after thorough examination, we gave the required approval. The Board of Manage-
ment elucidated changes in sales and financing volumes compared with the previous year’s forecast and 
also explained the potential impact of volume and earnings risks associated with specific scenarios. 
We encouraged the Board of Management in its strategy of maintaining flexibility in terms of cost 
 planning.
We also thoroughly examined the Annual Budget presented by the Board of Management in November 
2012 for the financial year 2013 and discussed the impact of potential economic developments.
We concurred with the decision of the Board of Management to raise the share capital of the Company in 
accordance with Article 4 no. 5 of the Articles of Incorporation (Authorised Capital 2009) by € 422,845 and 
to issue a corresponding number of new non-voting bearer shares of preferred stock, each with a par value 
of € 1, at favourable conditions to employees.
The Board of Management and Supervisory Board jointly examined corporate governance within the 
BMW Group and issued a new Declaration of Compliance, the wording of which is included in the Corporate 
Governance Report (page 153). The BMW Group currently complies with the recommendations of the Govern-
ment Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code (code version dated 15 May 2012, “Code”) 
published on 15 June 2012 with one exception, namely the revised recommendation on the structure of super-
visory board compensation contained in section 5.4.6 paragraph 2 sentence 2 of the Code (“If members of 
the Supervisory Board are promised performance-related compensation, it shall be oriented toward sustain-
able growth of the enterprise”). In this context, and following preparatory work carried out by the Presiding 
Board, we examined various models with the Board of Management with respect to the future compensation 
of the Supervisory Board. A proposed change to the Articles of Incorporation will be put to the shareholders 
at the 2013 Annual General Meeting.
With regard to its own composition, based on a detailed composition profile, the Supervisory Board de-
cided upon specific appointment goals in 2010, which are discussed in detail in the Corporate Governance 
Report (page 164 et seq.). In 2012, in line with section 5.4.1 paragraph 2 of the Code, we set what we consider 
to be an appropriate target for the number of independent members in the Supervisory Board (at least twelve 
of which at least six should represent the shareholders). On the basis of a self-assessment of the full Super-
visory Board and its individual members, we were able to conclude that the composition of the Supervisory 
Board at 31 December 2012 meets that target. No conflicts of interest arose during the year under report on 
the part of members of either the Supervisory Board or the Board of Management. Significant transactions 
with Supervisory Board members and other related parties as defined by IAS 24, including close relatives 
and intermediary entities, are scrutinised on a quarterly basis.
In conjunction with the joint examination of corporate governance, the Board of Management informed 
us (both in the Personnel Committee and in the full Supervisory Board) of the progress made in imple-
menting the BMW Group’s diversity concept, with its focus on gender, cultural background and age / experience. 
In this context, we obtained information from the Board of Management with regard to the proportion of, 
and changes in, management positions held by women, in particular at senior management level and at execu-
tive level below the Board of Management. We concluded that the Code’s requirements for the promotion of 
diversity are also being complied with in terms of management functions, and concur with the Board of 
Management that, in addition to the efforts to improve gender diversity, even more should be done to promote 
cultural diversity and the international character of the workforce.

--- Page 10 ---
10
We endeavour to assess and improve continuously on the effectiveness of the work performed in the 
 Supervisory Board and its committees, not least in consideration of the broader range of tasks for which the 
 Supervisory Board now finds itself responsible. The Chairman of the Audit Committee and myself are 
therefore always pleased to receive comments and suggestions for improvement from Supervisory Board 
members. The formal examination of the Supervisory Board’s efficiency is also treated once each year as a 
separate agenda point which is prepared by means of a questionnaire required to be completed by all Super-
visory Board members.
Each of the five Supervisory Board meetings in 2012 was attended on average by over 90 % of its members, 
a fact that can be tied in to the analysis of attendance fees for individual members disclosed in the Compen-
sation Report. No member of the Supervisory Board missed more than two meetings in his / her period of 
 office during the year. Presiding Board and committee meetings were fully attended in the vast majority of 
cases (page 163).
Description of Presiding Board activities and committee work  In order to work more efficiently and 
prepare complex issues and decisions more thoroughly, the Supervisory Board has established a Presiding 
Board and several committees. A description of the duties, composition and work procedures of these com-
mittees is provided in the Corporate Governance Report (page 160 et seq.).
The relevant committee chairmen provided timely and comprehensive accounts of the work of the 
 Presiding Board and other committees to the full Supervisory Board, as did the chairman of the Nomination 
Committee to the shareholder representatives on the full Supervisory Board.
In a total of four meetings, the Presiding Board focused mainly on the preparation of topics for the meet-
ings of the full Supervisory Board unless this fell under the remit of one of the committees. Complex issues, 
such as the Long-term Business Forecast and the Annual Strategic Review, were dealt with on the basis of 
written and oral reports provided by Board of Management members and senior department heads. In the 
case of financial planning, for example, we arranged for the Board of Management member responsible for 
 Finances to brief us in advance on detailed aspects of the Long-term Business Forecast. The Head of Group 
Strategy and Planning, Environment provided us with facts, assumptions and principles relevant for global 
value added within the Group in the period up to 2024, including the targets and distribution of production 
capacities built into the forecasts, and discussed analyses from the Annual Strategy Review with us. The 
 Presiding Board selected further topics for Supervisory Board meetings and made suggestions to the Board 
of Management regarding items to be included in its reports to the full Supervisory Board.
Two telephone conference calls were also conducted by the Presiding Board in conjunction with current 
activities and projects. In one of those conference calls, the Board of Management and the Head of Product 
and Brand Strategy reported on the current status of cooperation arrangements, in particular the planned 
extension of collaboration with Toyota Motor Corporation. In another telephone conference call, the Board 
of Management explained the plans to sell Husqvarna Motorcycles.
The Audit Committee held three meetings and three telephone conference calls during 2012. In accordance 
with the recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code, we discussed each of the interim finan-
cial reports with the Board of Management prior to publication. Representatives of the external auditors were 
present for part of the time during the telephone conference call held to present the Interim Financial Report 
for the six-month period to 30 June 2012. The report had been subjected to review by the external  auditors.
One meeting of the Audit Committee was primarily dedicated to preparing the Supervisory Board’s meet-
ing in spring 2012 at which the financial statements were examined. In order to prepare its recommendation 

--- Page 11 ---
11   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
to the full Supervisory Board regarding the proposed election of external auditors at the Annual General 
Meeting 2012, the Audit Committee obtained a Declaration of Independence from the proposed external 
 auditor. The Audit Committee also considered the scope and composition of non-audit services, including 
tax advisory services, provided by KPMG entities to the BMW Group. There were no indications of conflicts 
of interest or grounds for exclusion or lack of independence on the part of the auditor. The fee proposals for 
the audit of the year-end Company and Group Financial Statements 2012 and the review of the six-month 
 Interim Financial Report were deemed appropriate by the Audit Committee. Subsequent to the Annual 
 General Meeting 2012 the Audit Committee appointed the external auditor for the relevant engagements and, 
with due consideration to the suggestions made by the full Supervisory Board, specified audit focus areas. 
In relation to the audit of the Company Financial Statements, for example, this included the accounting 
treatment of commodity derivatives and in relation to the audit of the Group Financial Statements this in-
cluded the measurement of interest rate derivatives.
The Head of Group Financial Reporting reported to the Audit Committee on risk management processes 
in place throughout the BMW Group, focusing on the internal control system (ICS) as the basis for financial 
 reporting. We were also provided with a description of planned areas of action and further developments in 
this field.
The Audit Committee considered the set of measures undertaken by the Board of Management in 2012 
to ensure that “compliance” as a concept is fully embedded in the principles of conduct valid for all Group 
employees. The Chairman of the BMW Group Compliance Committee reported to the Audit Committee on 
the current compliance situation, which, as in the previous year, was deemed satisfactory. The Audit Com-
mittee also enquired into the implementation of anti-corruption measures resolved in the previous year, the 
enlargement of the BMW Group Compliance Organisation -- in particular within the Financial Services 
segment -- and the results of sample testing carried out in Germany and abroad.
The Head of Group Internal Audit reported to us in the Audit Committee on the significant findings of 
audits conducted by Group Internal Audit and on the planned areas of focus on the industrial and financial 
services sides of the business.
The Personnel Committee convened four times during the financial year 2012. In preparation for a meet-
ing of the full Supervisory Board, the Personnel Committee reviewed the compensation of Board of Manage-
ment members (including pension benefits) for appropriateness in comparison with other DAX companies. 
Other specific issues relating to employment contracts were also addressed by the Personnel Committee. The 
Personnel Committee gave its approval in one case for a member of the Board of Management to accept a 
mandate for membership of the supervisory board of a non-BMW Group entity.
The Nomination Committee convened once during the financial year 2012, on which occasion it de-
liberated on proposals for candidates for the Supervisory Board elections at the 2013 Annual General Meeting, 
taking account of the composition objectives stipulated for the Supervisory Board.
The statutory Mediation Committee (§ 27 (3) of the Law on Worker Participation) was not required to 
convene during the financial year 2012.
Composition and organisation of the Board of Management  We deliberated with the Board of Manage-
ment on changes to the structure and allocation of portfolio responsibilities with the objective of making the 
best use of individual members’ expertise and strengthening the overall responsibility of the Board of Manage-
ment. In this context, it was decided to establish separate areas of responsibility for the BMW brand on the 
one hand and for the MINI brand, Rolls-Royce Motor Cars and motorcycles business on the other. The new 

--- Page 12 ---
12
structure and allocation of responsibilities resolved by the Board of Management in agreement with the 
 Supervisory Board is depicted in detail in the Corporate Governance Report (page 154). In view of the fact 
that Mr. Krüger was set to take over responsibility for the newly created board portfolio comprising MINI, 
Motorcycles, Rolls-Royce and Aftersales BMW Group, we appointed Milagros Caiña Carreiro-Andree as 
member of the Board of Management and as successor to Mr. Krüger with responsibility for Human  Resources 
and as Industrial Relations Director with effect from 1 July 2012. The composition of the Board of Manage-
ment team was otherwise unchanged during the financial year 2012. No decisions needed to be made in 2012 
with respect to the reappointment of Board of Management members.
Composition of the Supervisory Board, the Presiding Board and Supervisory Board committees  The 
mandate of Franz Oberländer as employee representative on the Supervisory Board ended on 31 May 2012 
when he entered into retirement. On 1 June 2012 the Munich District Court appointed Dr. Dominique 
 Mohabeer, member of the Works Council of BMW AG at the Munich site, to the position of employee repre-
sentative on the Supervisory Board for the remaining term of office. As a result, the proportion of women 
in the Supervisory Board increased to 20 %, in line with the composition objectives set by the Supervisory 
Board.
Anton Ruf, executive staff representative on the Supervisory Board, retired on 31 October 2012, at which 
date he also ceased to be a member of the Supervisory Board. He was succeeded on 1 November 2012 by 
 Oliver Zipse, Head of Brand and Product Strategies, who took over the role of executive staff representative 
on the Supervisory Board for the remaining term of office as elected substitute member. In view of a new 
management position he will have within the BMW Group from 1 April 2013 onwards, Mr. Zipse has resigned 
his mandate on the Supervisory Board with effect from 31 March 2013.
On 29 November 2012 the shareholder representatives in the Supervisory Board elected Susanne Klatten 
as a further member of the Nomination Committee. The composition of the Presiding Board and  other 
 committees of the Supervisory Board remained unchanged during the financial year 2012. The Corporate 
Governance Report includes an overview of the composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees 
(page 155 et seq., page 163).
Examination of financial statements and the profit distribution proposal  KPMG AG Wirtschafts-
prüfungs gesellschaft conducted a review of the abridged Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim 
Group Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2012. The results of the review were 
also reported orally to the Audit Committee. No issues were identified that might indicate that the abridged 
Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim Group Management Report had not been prepared, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the applicable provisions.
The Group and Company Financial Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the 
year ended 31 December 2012 and the Combined Group and Company Management Report – as authorised 
for issue by the Board of Management on 19 February 2013 – were audited by KPMG AG Wirtschafts prüfungs-
gesell schaft and given an unqualified audit opinion.
The Financial Statements and Combined Group and Company Management Report, the long-form audit 
reports of the external auditors and the Board of Management’s profit distribution proposal were made 
available to all members of the Supervisory Board in good time. At the meeting held on 1 March 2013 these 
documents were examined and discussed in detail by the Audit Committee. The Supervisory Board subse-
quently examined these documents at its meeting on 14 March 2013, after hearing the committee chairman’s 
report on the meeting of the Audit Committee. In both meetings, the Board of Management gave a detailed 
explanation of the financial reports it had prepared. Representatives from KPMG attended both meetings, 

--- Page 13 ---
13   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
reported on significant audit findings and answered any additional questions raised by the members of the 
Supervisory Board. The representatives of the external auditors confirmed that the risk management system 
established by the Board of Management is capable of identifying events or developments that might impair 
the going-concern status of the Company and that no material weaknesses in the internal control system and 
risk management system were found with regard to the financial reporting process. Similarly, the external 
auditors confirmed that they had not identified any facts in the course of their work that were inconsistent 
with the contents of the Declaration of Compliance issued jointly by the two boards. Based on own thorough 
examination by the Audit Committee and the full Supervisory Board, we concurred with the results of the 
external audit.
In accordance with the conclusion reached as a result of the examination by the Audit Committee and 
Supervisory Board, no objections were raised.
The Group and Company Financial Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the 
financial year 2012 prepared by the Board of Management were approved at the Supervisory Board Meeting 
held on 14 March 2013. The separate financial statements have thus been adopted.
Both in the Audit Committee and in the full Supervisory Board, we examined the proposal of the Board 
of Management to use the unappropriated profit to pay a dividend of € 2.50 per share of common stock and 
€ 2.52 per share of non-voting preferred stock. Taking account of the financial condition of the BMW Group, 
we consider the proposal appropriate and concur with it.
Expression of thanks by the Supervisory Board  We would like to express our gratitude to the members 
of the Board of Management and all employees worldwide for their commitment and contribution to 
 another set of excellent financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2012.
We also wish to extend a special word of thanks to Mr. Oberländer and Mr. Ruf, both of whom left the 
 Supervisory Board in 2012 after many years of dedicated and constructive work in the Supervisory Board. 
In addition to achieving success in their chosen fields of activity, they spent most of their working lives 
 diligently serving both the Company and the employees they represented.
Munich, 14 March 2013
On behalf of the Supervisory Board 
Joachim Milberg
Chairman of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 14 ---
14
Norbert  Reithofer
Chairman of the Board of Management

--- Page 15 ---
15   STATEMENT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
Your Company has once again demonstrated a strong performance with new sales volumes, revenues 
and earnings highs for the 2012 financial year.
At the BMW Group, we look to the future and are prepared to go against the trend, if need be; we have 
the stamina to stick to our chosen path. For us, it is always the customer who comes first – that is why we 
 offer innovative products and services and what makes us the world’s top-selling premium car manufacturer. 
But we aim to do even better – which means continuing to grow at a profitable rate and acting in a responsible 
manner as a member of society.
Our actions are based on our tradition, our values and our Company’s unique corporate culture and team 
spirit. At the BMW Group, we all share a passion for mobility. It is our common purpose to make individual 
mobility viable for the future, as the demands on cars continue to evolve. Our industry is in a period of transi-
tion – what we refer to as “iconic change”. We are driving and shaping this technological shift towards sus-
tainable mobility. It will require all our powers of innovation in the development of new products and attrac-
tive mobility services, as well as constant review of our structures and processes and how we work together.
2012 – the most successful year in the history of the Company.  Our success is built on the desirability 
of our products. More than 1.84 million BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce vehicles were delivered to customers in 
2012, beating the previous year’s record by more than 10 %. All three of our automobile brands set new re-
cords. In addition, more than 117,000 customers purchased a BMW or Husqvarna motorcycle. Our Financial 
Services business also continued to grow and contributed to the positive performance in sales figures.
Thanks to strong demand for our premium vehicles, revenues rose to more than € 76.8 billion and profit 
before tax increased to around € 7.8 billion in the 2012 financial year – both new highs for the Group. The net 
profit of more than € 5.1 billion also represented a new record.
Our financial success allows us the necessary freedom to continue investing in our future. In 2012, our 
 research and development expenses rose to more than € 3.9 billion, mostly in connection with projects to 
secure our future growth.
Our figures for 2012 are the result of an outstanding collective performance. On behalf of the Board of 
Management, I would like to thank all of our employees for their efforts, determination and achievements in 
2012. I would also like to thank our retail organisation, our suppliers and our business partners, who play 
such an important part in the Company’s success.
Five years of Strategy Number ONE: interim targets for 2012 fulfilled.  The success of the 2012 financial 
year is also the result of the long-term decisions we made as part of our Strategy Number ONE.
We presented our strategy to the public back in autumn 2007 – with a vision for the year 2020. The aim  is 
to prepare the BMW Group for the future, as it faces a wide range of different challenges in a changing environ-
ment for individual mobility. Specific measures were implemented in the four strategic areas of “Growth”, 
“Shaping the future”, “Profitability” and “Access to technology and customers”. We also set ourselves ambitious 

--- Page 16 ---
16
interim targets for 2012, including much greater efficiency and higher profitability. For the Automotive seg-
ment, we defined an EBIT margin target of between 8 % and 10 %.
What have we achieved during the first five years of Number ONE?
–  We have become more profitable, and doubled our profit before tax between 2007 and 2012. At the end of 
2012, our EBIT margin in the Automotive segment was above our 8 % and 10 % target range.
–  The price of BMW common stock climbed more than 70 % from the end of 2007 to the end of 2012, while 
Germany’s DAX fell by 5.6 % over the same period.
–  We have leveraged much more than the € 6 billion in efficiency potential originally targeted.
–  In 2007, Efficient Dynamics was already the best technology on the market for lowering fuel consumption 
and CO2 emissions. Back then, we had 27 BMW and MINI models with 140 grams of CO2 per kilometre or 
less. By the end of 2012, the BMW Group fleet included 73 models at or below this level.
Our core model series – the BMW 3 Series, the BMW 5 Series and the BMW 7 Series – are also available as 
full hybrids. Efficient Dynamics continues: we aim to reduce the CO2 emissions of our vehicle fleet by at 
least another 25 % between 2008 and 2020.
–  We have systematically expanded our global production network since 2007 – from 23 production facilities 
in twelve countries to 29 locations in 14 countries by the end of 2012. The most recent example is our new 
Tiexi plant in Shenyang, which we have been operating with our joint venture partner, Brilliance, since 
2012. When we plan a site, we ensure that it sets new standards: Tiexi is the most sustainable vehicle plant 
in China today and one of the most advanced in the world.
Over the past five years, our strategy has proven robust, and shown the way forward under changing 
 external conditions: during the global financial and economic crisis of 2008 and 2009, the BMW Group still 
showed a profit and paid a dividend. In 2010 and 2011, we steered our Company back on track for success – 
initially helped by an economic tailwind, but then maintaining our performance in a challenging and volatile 
environment in 2012.
This clearly shows that we have reached the first major milestone in our strategy. We have fulfilled all the 
interim targets of our Strategy Number ONE for the year 2012 – and, in some cases, exceeded them. We de-
livered on our promises. Today, the BMW Group is a stronger, more international and more future-oriented 
company than it was when we embarked on our Strategy Number ONE. Above all else, the BMW Group is 
an attractive investment – and I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for supporting us on this journey.
It is in all our interests that the BMW Group not only has a successful present, but, even more impor-
tantly, a promising future. For that reason, we are now working towards the next major milestone in our 
strategy.
Number ONE still our corporate compass – next milestone in 2016.  In 2016, we will celebrate 100 years 
of BMW. By then, we aim to sell well over two million BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce brand vehicles – with 
BMW Motorrad and Financial Services also continuing to contribute to our success. Profitability is, and will 
remain, the foundation upon which we build and shape our future.
