
--- Page 7 ---
7   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Dear Shareholders and Shareholder Representatives,
Back in 2007, the BMW Group set a new strategic course with the adoption of its strategy “Number ONE”. 
Today, we can look back on the fifth successive year in which we have achieved record figures. Responsible 
management involves anticipating new developments and initiating the next moves in good time to ensure 
the future success of the business. This forward-looking approach applies equally to the Supervisory Board. 
By taking the step of announcing Harald Krüger’s future appointment to the position of Chairman of the 
Board of Management at an early stage and implementing other decisions with respect to the board’s com-
position, the resolutions adopted by the Supervisory Board in 2014 have set a clear-cut course for the future 
leadership of the BMW Group. At the same stage, we also announced our plan to ring in a change at the 
head of the Supervisory Board in 2015 by declaring our unanimous support in favour of the appointment of 
Dr Norbert Reithofer as its new Chairman. With the backing of major shareholders, we intend to propose 
his election to the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting. These proposed changes in leadership 
have been initiated in order to strengthen the position of the BMW Group by ensuring a long-term manage-
ment perspective.
Main emphases of the Supervisory Board’s monitoring and advisory activities  The Supervisory Board 
again advised the Board of Management during the past financial year and carefully monitored its governance 
of the business. Our work, both within the Supervisory Board and together with the Board of Management, 
was constructive and characterised by open, trustful interaction.
In a total of five Supervisory Board meetings, we deliberated on the current situation of the BMW Group 
as well as on macroeconomic developments in its most important sales markets. Additional key points of 
 debate at our meetings were Group corporate strategy and planning. Furthermore, we developed concepts 
for a generational change at the chair level of both the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board, took 
decisions regarding the composition and compensation of the Board of Management and passed resolutions 
with respect to corporate governance.
We carefully monitored the performance of the BMW Group, both at scheduled meetings and at other times 
as the need arose. In particular, the Board of Management kept us well informed of all key sales and workforce 
figures. The Chairman of the Board of Management, Dr Norbert Reithofer, informed me promptly and di-
rectly about major business transactions and projects. In addition to scheduled meetings, Dr Karl-Ludwig Kley, 
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee, and Dr Friedrich Eichiner, member of the Board 
of Management responsible for Finance, consulted with each other directly at other times as the need arose.
At the beginning of the year, the Board of Management presented us with a summary of new and revised 
models scheduled for market launch over the course of 2014.
In its regular reports on the financial condition of the Group, the Board of Management informed us of 
sales volume developments and market competition issues relevant for the Automotive and Motorcycles 
segments and highlighted fluctuations in the size of the workforce. Equally, we were kept up to date with 
 respect to the market developments and economic prospects of the world’s key regions. On the Financial 
Services side of the business, the Board of Management provided us with regular updates on new business 
with retail customers, changes in the portfolio of contracts with dealerships and retail customers as well as 
the total volume of business.
The Board of Management also reported to us on its intention to increase the size of the Group’s produc-
tion network, with particular regard to the planned expansion of the Spartanburg plant in South Carolina, 
USA, and the search for a new plant location in the NAFTA region, which is now due to be built in San Luis 
Potosí, Mexico. As part of this process, we also discussed with the Board of Management the general sig-
nificance and scope of the “production follows the market” principle in the context of the global distribution 
of value added along the production chain.

--- Page 8 ---
8
Furthermore, both in business status reports and subsequent discussions with the Board of Management, 
numerous important current events and projects were addressed, such as the extension of the cooperation 
agreement with the Chinese joint venture partner Brilliance, the cooperation with Toyota and the current 
state of plans for the long-term development of production facilities in Russia. Other topics reported on and 
discussed at Supervisory Board meetings included the start-up of the new MINI at the Oxford plant, the 
current situation with recalls and the economic impact of the Ukraine conflict.
One Supervisory Board meeting was held in Shenyang, one of the locations operated by the BMW Brilliance 
Automotive Ltd. (BBA) joint venture in China. Representatives of the managements of BBA and the BMW 
sales company reported to us on sales volume trends and the car market in China in general as well as plans 
for additionally increasing production capacity in the plants located at Tiexi and Dadong in Shenyang. We 
also visited the production facilities of the Tiexi plant. Moreover, in the course of our on-site visits we gathered 
 useful facts regarding cooperation with suppliers and dealerships in China. Reports from, and discussions 
with, local management representatives provided us with a useful overview of local developments in China 
and individual development projects, and helped provide a good insight into the specific needs of Chinese 
customers.
One two-day meeting of the Supervisory Board dealt with the BMW Group’s corporate and product 
strategies as well as the Long-term Business Forecast. The format of the two-day meeting was designed to 
provide the opportunity for an in-depth discussion with the Board of Management on forward-looking 
 topics and technical innovations.
In the first part of the meeting, together with the Board of Management we discussed the results of the 
corporate strategy Number ONE review, which is performed by the Board of Management once a year. Our 
discussions primarily focused on challenges involving further reductions in carbon emissions and also the 
electrification, digitisation and, in particular, the increasing connectedness of vehicle data. As part of its strategy 
review report, the Board of Management also looked at the importance of the “Future Retail” programme, 
which is designed to improve sales and after-sales services by consistently seeing things from the point of view 
of customers and intensifying their product and brand experience.
In the course of various vehicle presentations, we were given the opportunity to test selected BMW, MINI 
and Rolls-Royce brand cars on a test track. In addition, the current state of progress of selected vehicle de-
velopment projects was presented and explained to us.
In the second part of the meeting we deliberated at length on the Long-term Business Forecast pre-
sented by the Board of Management for the years 2015 – 2020. After diligent examination, we approved 
the forecast.
We also gave in-depth consideration to the business development, strategic direction and role of the Finan-
cial Services segment going into the future. The Board of Management also reported on the latest develop-
ments on used car markets and explained individual measures designed to further improve the stability of 
the segment in times of crisis.
The two boards jointly discussed the annual budget put forward by the Board of Management towards the 
end of the year under report for the financial year 2015, and considered pertinent external factors.
The structure and amount of compensation of Board of Management members was examined once again in 
2014 by both the Personnel Committee and the full Supervisory Board. In addition to comparing performance 
trends and board compensation on a multi-year basis, we also reviewed he development of the remuneration 
of senior management and employees of BMW AG within Germany over the course of time. An external 

--- Page 9 ---
9   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
compensation consultant, independent of both the Board of Management and BMW AG, was called upon to 
provide expert advice and assist us in evaluating DAX compensation studies. After a careful review, we con-
cluded that the compensation of board members is appropriate and that the current compensation system 
is functioning well. Further information on the compensation of Board of Management members is provided 
in the Compensation Report (see chapter Statement on Corporate Governance).
Corporate governance  The Supervisory Board and the Board of Management again jointly addressed the 
topic of corporate governance within the BMW Group in 2014. In the most recent Declaration of Compliance, 
issued in December 2014, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board declared that the BMW 
Group has and will continue to comply with all of the recommendations of the German Government Cor-
porate Governance Code Commission published on 30 September 2014 (Code version; 24 June 2014), with 
one exception, which relates to the presentation of information concerning Board of Management compensa-
tion using stipulated model tables. We remain committed to providing information on board compensation 
that is both as comprehensive and comprehensible as possible, taking into account all relevant financial 
 reporting requirements. After careful consideration, we came to the conclusion that the additional use of the 
tables recommended in the Code would not improve the desired level of transparency and readability of 
the Compensation Report.
As part of the joint examination of corporate governance within the BMW Group, the Board of Manage-
ment informed both the Personnel Committee and the full Supervisory Board on the status of implementa-
tion of the BMW Group’s diversity concept. This programme does not only focus on gender, it is also aimed 
at promoting diversity in other areas, particularly in terms of cultural diversity and age mix within the work-
force. We were also informed with respect to the proportion and number of women occupying positions 
at various levels of management and deliberated with the Board of Management on the planned measures to 
continue the process of raising that proportion, specifically at a senior level. Consideration was also given to 
draft legislation relating to equal participation of women and men in management positions in Germany and 
the potential impact of this legislation on the BMW Group.
With regard to its own composition, based on a detailed composition profile, the Supervisory Board has 
decided upon specific appointment targets, which are discussed in detail in the Corporate Governance Report. 
Based on a self-assessment, the Supervisory Board concluded that its composition at 31 December 2014 
meets the targets set.
BMW AG has entered into contracts for personnel-related services with an external entity, in which mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board have an indirect participation. During the year under report, the Personnel 
Committee approved an amendment to these contracts as a precautionary measure. None of the members of 
the Supervisory Board with an interest in the relevant entity participated in this vote. Apart from this one 
matter, there were no indications of potential conflicts of interest involving Supervisory Board members during 
the financial year 2014.
Supervisory Board members are required to provide information on a quarterly basis of any significant 
transactions they or other related parties (as defined by IAS 24), including close relatives and intermediary 
entities, have with BMW Group entities.
We are fully committed to assessing and continuously improving the efficiency of the work of the Super-
visory Board and its committees. The Chairman of the Audit Committee and myself are therefore always 
glad to receive comments and suggestions for improvement from Supervisory Board members. The formal 
examination of the Supervisory Board’s efficiency is also treated each year as a separate agenda point 
for discussion, without the members of the Board of Management being present. The efficiency examination 

--- Page 10 ---
10
in 2014, again prepared with the aid of a questionnaire, resulted in a number of suggestions being accepted 
for additional consideration.
Each of the five Supervisory Board meetings in 2014 was attended, on average, by over 95 % of its mem-
bers, a fact that can be tied in to the analysis of attendance fees for individual members, as disclosed in the 
Compensation Report. No member of the Supervisory Board was absent at more than two meetings during 
the period under report. Presiding Board and committee meetings were fully attended in the vast majority of 
cases (see chapter Statement on Corporate Governance).
Description of Presiding Board activities and committee work  In order to work more efficiently and 
prepare complex issues and decisions with greater thoroughness, the Supervisory Board has established 
a Presiding Board and several committees. A description of the duties, composition and work procedures of 
these committees is provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
The relevant chairmen reported in depth on the status of Presiding Board and committee work at the 
subsequent Supervisory Board meeting.
In a total of four meetings, the Presiding Board focused mainly on preparing topics for the meetings of 
the full Supervisory Board, unless this responsibility fell under the remit of one of the committees. Complex 
issues, such as the Long-term Business Forecast and the Annual Strategic Review, were dealt with on the 
 basis of written and oral reports provided by Board of Management members and senior department heads. 
The Presiding Board selected further topics of discussion for Supervisory Board meetings and made sugges-
tions to the Board of Management regarding items to be included in its reports to the full Supervisory Board.
The Audit Committee held four meetings and three telephone conference calls during 2014. Prior to their 
publication, the Interim Financial Reports were discussed with the Board of Management in those telephone 
conference calls. Representatives of the external auditors took part in the telephone conference call held to 
present the Interim Financial Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2014. The report had been sub-
jected to review by the external auditors.
The Audit Committee meeting held in spring 2014 was primarily dedicated to preparing the Supervisory 
Board meeting at which the financial statements were examined. Prior to proposing KPMG AG Wirtschafts-
prüfungsgesellschaft for election as Company and Group auditor at the 2014 Audit Committee Meeting, we 
obtained a Declaration of Independence from KPMG. The Audit Committee also considered the scope and 
composition of non-audit-related services, including tax advisory services provided by KPMG entities to the 
BMW Group. There were no indications of conflicts of interest, grounds for exclusion or lack of independence 
on the part of the auditor.
The fee proposals for the audit of the year-end Company and Group Financial Statements 2014 and 
the review of the six-month Interim Financial Report were deemed appropriate by the Audit Committee. 
Subsequent to the Annual General Meeting 2014, the Audit Committee therefore appointed KPMG AG 
Wirtschafts prüfungsgesellschaft for the relevant engagements and, with due consideration to the sugges-
tions made by the full Supervisory Board, specified a number of audit focus areas.
The Head of Group Controlling reported to the Audit Committee on risk management processes within 
the BMW Group, provided information with respect to new developments and elucidated a number of risks 
which are required to be reported on in accordance with internal rules.
The Head of Group Financial Reporting provided the Audit Committee with an up-to-date overview of 
developments concerning the internal control system (ICS), which serves as the basis for financial reporting. 

--- Page 11 ---
11   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Testing performed during the year under report did not highlight any material ICS weaknesses which could 
jeopardise the system’s effectiveness.
The Chairman of the BMW Group Compliance Committee reported to the Audit Committee on the con-
cept that has been developed to strengthen local compliance functions as well as on the current compliance 
situation, which, as in the previous year, was deemed satisfactory overall. None of the information received 
relating to potential non-compliance or actual incidences of non-compliance identified in specific cases gave 
any indication of serious or systemic non-compliance with applicable requirements.
The Head of Group Internal Audit reported to us in the Audit Committee on the organisation of the Group 
Internal Audit as the BMW Group’s “Third Line of Defence”, informed us of the significant findings of audits 
conducted by Group Internal Audit, on both the industrial and financial services sides of the business, and 
explained the main points of emphasis for planned audits.
We concurred in the Audit Committee with the decision of the Board of Management to raise the Com-
pany’s share capital in accordance with § 4 (5) of the Articles of Incorporation (Authorised Capital 2014) by 
€ 239,757 and to issue a corresponding number of new non-voting bearer shares of preferred stock, each with 
a par value of € 1, at favourable conditions to employees.
The Personnel Committee convened six times during the financial year 2014. One major area of deliberation 
was the future composition of the Board of Management, with particular regard to preparing for successor 
decisions, including consideration of possible scenarios for the future change in the chair of the Board of 
Management.
In preparation for the full Supervisory Board’s meetings, the Personnel Committee reviewed the structure 
and appropriateness of Board of Management compensation and prepared the Supervisory Board’s decision 
with respect to board members’ bonuses. In two cases we also gave our approval for one member of the 
Board of Management to accept the mandate for membership of the supervisory board of a non-BMW Group 
entity.
The Nomination Committee convened twice during the financial year 2014. At these meetings, we deliber-
ated on successor planning for mandates of the shareholders’ representatives on the Supervisory Board and 
considered proposals for candidates for the Supervisory Board elections at the Annual General Meeting 2015, 
taking the composition objectives stipulated for the Supervisory Board into due account.
The statutory Mediation Committee was not required to convene during the financial year 2014.
Generational change at head of Board of Management and Supervisory Board initiated  The Supervisory 
Board worked through a number of scenarios with respect to succession planning at the head of the Super-
visory Board and – together with the Chairman of the Board of Management, Dr Norbert Reithofer – assessed 
the range of options available for selecting a new Chairman of the Board of Management. Various constella-
tions were examined, including the important issue of timing. We wanted to bring about a farsighted, timely 
change in leadership in order to strengthen the position of the BMW Group with a long-term perspective 
for management. We shared the opinion of major shareholders that Dr Reithofer’s wealth of knowledge and 
experience should be retained within the BMW Group and that the Supervisory Board would benefit greatly 
from his playing a key role in its work.
The Supervisory Board therefore supports the proposal that Dr Norbert Reithofer be appointed to the 
position of Chairman of the Supervisory Board – subject to his election to that board. After carefully con­
sidering various scenarios, the conclusion was reached that a direct move by Dr Reithofer to the position of 

--- Page 12 ---
12
Chairman of the Supervisory Board – without an interim phase – will strengthen the role of the Supervisory 
Board and is thus in the best interests of the BMW Group.
In order to ensure that this generational change can also take place in good time at the head of the Super-
visory Board, in agreement with its other members, I have resigned my mandate as Supervisory Board 
member with  effect from the end of the Annual General Meeting 2015.
In due consideration of these developments, the Supervisory Board has reached agreement with 
Dr Reithofer concerning the early termination of his Board of Management mandate and his service con-
tract with effect from the end of the Annual General Meeting 2015.
Harald Krüger has been appointed Chairman of the Board of Management with effect from the end of the 
Annual General Meeting 2015, to coincide with Dr Reithofer’s planned exit from the Board of Management. 
Harald Krüger brings a great deal of experience to this position from his previous board responsibilities. Since 
2013, he has been in charge of Production, before which, from 2008 to 2012, he was first responsible for Human 
Resources and then for the MINI, BMW Motorrad, Rolls-Royce and BMW Group Aftersales division.
Other changes in the composition and organisational structure of the Board of Management  Klaus 
Fröhlich, previously Head of Small and Mid-size Series BMW Group, was appointed as member of the Board 
of Management with effect from 9 December 2014, with responsibility for Development. His predecessor, 
Dr Herbert Diess, resigned from the Board of Management on 9 December 2014.
With effect from the end of the Annual General Meeting 2015, the Supervisory Board appointed 
 Oliver Zipse, most recently Head of Corporate Planning and Product Strategy, as a member of the Board of 
Management. He  will take over responsibility for Production from Harald Krüger.
The Supervisory Board also renewed the appointment of three Board of Management members in 2014.
Other personnel changes in the Supervisory Board  In accordance with the regulations of the Co-Deter-
mination Act, the ten employee representatives were re-elected with effect from the end of the Annual 
General Meeting on 15 May 2014. 
After 10 years of valuable and highly appreciated work in the Supervisory Board, Bertin Eichler did not 
stand for re-election. In his place, Christiane Benner (Executive Board member of IG Metall) was newly 
elected to the Supervisory Board as union representative. As a result, the Supervisory Board now has five 
 female members (25%). Ulrich Kranz, Head of the BMW i product line, was newly elected to the Super visory 
Board to succeed Dr Markus Schramm as executive staff representative. The Supervisory Board thanked 
the members leaving office for their constructive work and trusting cooperation within the Super visory 
Board. The composition of the Presiding Board and the committees remained unchanged in 2014, with all 
previous members confirmed in their respective functions. The Corporate Governance Report includes an 
overview of the composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees (see chapter Statement on Corpo-
rate Governance).
Wolfgang Mayrhuber has resigned his mandate as member of the Supervisory Board with effect from 
the end of the Annual General Meeting 2015. We also wish to extend our thanks to him for more than 
ten years of valuable and highly appreciated service in the Supervisory Board, always working in the best 
 interest of the Group.
Examination of financial statements and the profit distribution proposal  KPMG AG Wirtschafts-
prüfungsgesellschaft conducted a review of the abridged Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim 
Group Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2014. The results of the review were 
presented to the Audit Committee by KPMG representatives. No issues were identified that might indicate 

--- Page 13 ---
13   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
that the abridged Interim Group Financial Statements and Interim Group Management Report had not been 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the applicable provisions.
The Group and Company Financial Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the 
year ended 31 December 2014 and the Combined Management Report – as authorised for issue by the Board 
of Management on 19 February 2015 – were audited by KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft and 
given an unqualified audit opinion.
The Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report, the long-form audit reports of the 
external auditors and the Board of Management’s profit distribution proposal were made available to all 
members of the Supervisory Board in a timely manner.
These documents were examined and discussed thoroughly by the Audit Committee at the meeting held 
on 5 March 2015. The Supervisory Board subsequently examined these documents at its meeting on 12 March 
2015, after receiving the committee chairman’s report on the meeting of the Audit Committee. In both 
meetings, the Board of Management gave a detailed explanation of the financial reports it had prepared. 
Representatives of the external auditors attended both meetings, reported on significant findings and an-
swered any additional questions raised by the members of the Supervisory Board. They also confirmed that 
the risk management system put in place by the Board of Management is capable of identifying any events 
or developments that might impair the going-concern status of the Company and that no material weak-
nesses in either the internal control system or the risk management system were found with regard to the 
 financial reporting process. Similarly, they confirmed that they had not identified any facts in the course of 
their audit work that were inconsistent with the contents of the Declaration of Compliance issued jointly by 
the two boards.
Based on thorough examination by the Audit Committee and the full Supervisory Board, we concurred 
with the results of the external audit. In accordance with the conclusion reached after the examination by 
the Audit Committee and Supervisory Board, no objections were raised. The Group and Company Financial 
Statements of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft for the financial year 2014 prepared by the Board 
of Management were approved at the Supervisory Board meeting held on 12 March 2015. The separate finan-
cial statements have therefore been adopted.
The Supervisory Board also examined the proposal of the Board of Management to use the unappropriat-
ed profit to pay an increased dividend of € 2.90 per share of common stock and € 2.92 per share of non-voting 
preferred stock. We consider the proposal appropriate and therefore concur with it.
Expression of appreciation by the Supervisory Board  We wish to express our appreciation to the mem-
bers of the Board of Management and the entire workforce of the BMW Group worldwide for their concerted 
efforts and outstanding contribution to the record result we are able to post for the financial year 2014. 
Munich, 12 March 2015
On behalf of the Supervisory Board 
Joachim Milberg
Chairman of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 14 ---
14
Norbert  Reithofer 
Chairman of the Board of Management

--- Page 15 ---
15   STATEMENT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
The successes a company has achieved in the past belong to its history. All that matters today is a com-
pany’s future. Forward-looking companies renew themselves of their own initiative. It is crucial for a company 
to question its own actions, explore new directions and consistently implement innovations to benefit its 
customers. Financial strength allows companies to invest in the future – thereby securing long­term success 
and fulfilling responsibilities towards shareholders, associates and other stakeholders.
BMW will reach its 100th year in 2016. We naturally plan to celebrate this important milestone in our 
history. It is a testament to our value-based corporate philosophy, geared towards the long term and shaped 
by independent-minded decisions. But above all else, this centenary compels us to look to the future.
Investors in the BMW Group can look forward to long-term value enhancement, on the basis of healthy, 
organic growth. Our shareholders can rely on us to sustain our profitability. Strong competition, market 
 volatility, political uncertainty, new trends in our environment – all of this is part of our daily business.
We firmly believe that mobility will remain a fundamental human need and a cornerstone of dynamic 
economies. We aim to lead the industry with our ideas in all areas of individual mobility, transporting sheer 
driving pleasure to a new age of sustainable mobility. This is an exciting direction for us – and a profitable 
one for our shareholders who accompany us along this path.
2014 financial year – fifth successive record year for the BMW Group  In the 2014 financial year, the 
company’s successful development since the global financial and economic crisis of 2008 / 2009 continued. 
We had set ourselves ambitious goals in a difficult environment: record sales of over two million vehicles; 
our highest-ever Group profit before tax, with a significant increase year-on-year; and an EBIT margin in our 
target range of eight to ten per cent for the Automotive Segment.
Today, we can say: we delivered on our promises. Group profit before tax climbed 10.3 per cent to 
8.7 billion euros. Net profit increased by 9.2 per cent to more than 5.8 billion euros. The EBIT margin in the 
Automotive Segment stands at 9.6 per cent and therefore at the upper end of our target range.
Strong demand for our premium vehicles is the main factor contributing to record revenues of 80.4 billion 
euros. For the first time, we sold more than two million vehicles worldwide in a single year – 2.118 million 
BMW, MINI and Rolls­Royce vehicles, to be exact – fulfilling a wish for many customers. This represents an 
increase of 7.9 per cent over the previous year and a new sales high for the BMW Group.
With regard to our individual brands, there were new records for BMW, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad. 
More than 1.8 million customers purchased a BMW in 2014. Our MINI brand maintained roughly the same 
high level as the previous year, with a total of 302,000 vehicles sold, despite the model changeover. Our 
MINI plant in Oxford in the UK produced its three-millionth MINI last year. With exactly 4,063 vehicles sold, 
Rolls-Royce remains in strong demand and continues to set the standard for the ultra-luxury class. BMW 
 Motorrad also reported growth, with more than 123,000 deliveries, and once again outperformed the overall 
market. The anniversary model BMW R nineT and the fully electric C evolution proved popular with both 
customers and the automotive press.
The Financial Services segment once again made a solid contribution to the success of the BMW Group.
Impact of Strategy Number ONE reflected in key performance indicators  We laid the foundation for 
this successful development back in 2007 with our Strategy Number ONE. This strategy guides all our busi-
ness activities into 2020 and has already taken the company to a new dimension. We operate at an entirely 
different level of performance today than in 2007.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Customer deliveries climbed more than 40 per cent between the end of 2007 and the end of 2014. Group 
revenues increased by 44 per cent over the same period while pre-tax earnings more than doubled. During 
this time, BMW common shares performed much better than the DAX. Our associates, as well as our share-
holders, benefit from this positive development through our preferred shares programme.
We owe our achievements to our associates worldwide  Our successful business development is driven 
by our 116,324 associates worldwide. Their skills, their performance and their dedication – each in his or her 
own area of responsibility – contribute to the overall success of the company.
Our associates at all 30 BMW Group production sites in 14 countries are our most important success factor. 
We are investing extensively in vocational and professional training to qualify them for new demands and 
technologies, such as digitalisation. Between 2007 and the end of 2014 alone, we channelled around 1.8 billion 
euros into vocational and professional training – more than in our Efficient Dynamics technology package. 
People and technology have the same importance for us.
The younger generation ensures our future success: more than 1,500 apprentices worldwide embarked 
on a career with us in September 2014; 1,200 of them in Germany. A total of 4,595 young people are currently 
in vocational training with the BMW Group. This represents an increase of 150 over the previous year.
I would therefore like to thank all our associates on behalf of the Board of Management. I would also like 
to thank all our business partners, and especially our suppliers, who play such a key part in our success. 
And, of course, our thanks also extend to our entire retail organisation and the dealers who are our link to 
the customer.
Customers have the choice: sheer driving pleasure also available with electric and hybrid drivetrains   
The new BMW i family has further strengthened our image as the industry’s leading innovator. 2014 was the 
first year of availability for the pure electric BMW i3. More than 16,000 customers chose this model, which 
was specially designed for urban areas. The BMW i8 has been available to customers since summer. Orders for 
the BMW i8 plug-in hybrid continue to well exceed the planned number of units for production. A total of 
1,741 BMW i8 vehicles were delivered to customers from June to December.
We also use our know-how and experience with BMW i in series production of our other models. In autumn 
2015, we will release our first plug-in hybrid BMW X model, the BMW X5 xDrive40e, which incorporates the 
technological expertise gained from BMW i. The new BMW 7 Series is also set to become the benchmark for 
lightweight design in its segment through the use of carbon fibre. Over time, all model series will be available 
with electric drive technology. Climate protection policies worldwide will remain challenging and growing 
urbanisation demands new mobility solutions.
We will continue to chart our own course with Efficient Dynamics, hybridisation and electromobility. 
There is no way back. Average emissions for our European fleet currently stand at 130 grams of CO2 per 
kilometre. At the same time, we are focusing on sustainable production and efficient use of resources. Since 
2006, we have reduced average resource consumption per vehicle produced by 45 per cent. Sustainability 
pays dividends – in every respect.
Targeted expansion of our global production network  We continue to aim for a balanced distribution 
of sales between the three main economic regions of the world. This allows us to offset fluctuations in indi-
vidual markets and avoid overdependence on any single region. In 2014, Europe accounted for around 43 per 
cent of sales, Asia 31 per cent and the Americas just under 23 per cent.
The global automobile market continues to expand: from around 62 million new vehicle registrations in 
2007 to more than 80 million in 2014. We see no contradiction between participating in this growth and 
maintaining the desirability of our premium brands. In 2014, we continued to create the conditions necessary 
for strategic expansion of our global production network. In October, the first car rolled off the assembly 
line at our new plant in Araquari, Brazil. This gives us a permanent presence in an important growth region. 
