
--- Page 14 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
We look back on 2020 as an exceptionally challenging year, dominated as it was by 
the impact of the coronavirus pandemic. The year unfolded very differently from the way 
we had anticipated at the end of 2019. Nevertheless, despite the challenging conditions, 
the BMW Group remained focused on its targets and pressed ahead with its future-ori-
ented projects. Thanks to resolute crisis management and rigorous digital teamwork at 
all levels, the BMW Group achieved a respectable result for the year, with deliveries to 
customers in the fourth quarter at their highest level to date. This excellent collective 
performance gives us confidence as we go into 2021. Sustainable, digitalised mobility, 
combined with an outstanding overall customer experience, are the key supporting 
pillars of the BMW Group’s corporate strategy. As a pioneer of new technologies and 
champion of sustainability in economic, social and ecological terms, the BMW Group 
will continue on its transformational journey to becoming a tech company, thereby 
strengthening its position in the premium segment in the process. 
Focus of Supervisory Board activities during the past financial year
The Supervisory Board performed the duties incumbent upon it with the utmost 
diligence in 2020, rigorously monitoring the management of the BMW Group in a 
conscientious manner. It also advised the Board of Management on matters relating 
to the leadership and strategic evolution of the company. In five meetings of the full 
Supervisory Board – all lasting significantly longer than usual due to the circumstances 
and including one two-day meeting – together with the Board of Management we 
deliberated in great detail on the operating performance of the BMW Group. The 
Board of Management also kept the Supervisory Board informed of any matters of 
significance outside the framework of formal meetings as the need arose. In addition, 
the Chairmen of the Supervisory Board and the Board of Management engaged in 
direct dialogue on current issues, as did the Chairman of the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Management member responsible for Finance. Conference calls were also held 
between the Members of the Board of Management, the Board of Management member 
responsible for Finance, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the Chairman of 
the Audit Committee as a supplementary measure.
The Board of Management’s regular reports on the Group’s current performance 
were dominated by pandemic-related matters during the year under report. In view 
of the rapid spread of coronavirus in the spring, additional meetings of the Audit 
14
The SUPERVISORY BOARD 
is convinced that the  
BMW Group will continue to 
 expand its position in the 
 premium segment through its 
 enduring commitment to 
 sustainability in economic,  
social and ecological terms.
 

--- Page 15 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
15
Committee and the Presiding Board were scheduled to facilitate the monitoring of 
production, sales and liquidity developments in a prompt manner. The Board of Man-
agement kept us constantly informed regarding the impact of the pandemic on the 
BMW Group’s business performance, providing up-to-date status reports on sales, pro-
duction, liquidity and the Financial Services segment. Information on vehicle deliveries 
to customers was separately analysed by market and model, focusing particularly on the 
electrified variants. The reports also dealt with the competitive situation in general and 
the development of new business and transaction volume as well as the risk situation in 
the Financial Services segment. The Board of Management pointed out deviations from 
the original forecast and presented measures to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. It 
also outlined potential developments based on a range of possible scenarios. The size 
of the workforce and the attainment of the decarbonisation targets set out by the EU 
Commission were also a subject of discussion.
Furthermore, the Board of Management provided us with information on a number 
of important current topics, including the opening of the Competence Centre for electric 
drivetrain production in Dingolfing and BMW Brilliance Automotive’s second battery 
centre in China as well as the new communication concept for the futuristic technology 
showcase #NEXT Gen 2020, which was held virtually for the first time. The reports also 
addressed the topics of product quality and the progress of the HERE joint venture. 
The Supervisory Board deliberated in depth on the BMW Group’s evolving corporate 
strategy, which is now clearly focused on the progressive transformation of its drivetrain 
technology towards electric mobility. The Board of Management outlined to us the 
renewed production network strategy, which is based on converting the Munich plant 
to assemble the new vehicle architecture and the planned cluster architecture at the 
BMW Group plant in Hungary. As a core component of the BMW Group’s overarching 
corporate strategy, we also took an in-depth look at the sustainability aspect, which is 
embedded at every stage along the supply chain, the production process and the entire 
life cycle of our products. 
The Supervisory Board also deliberated at length on important issues arising within 
the Board of Management’s various key areas of responsibility. Purchasing, for instance, 
reported on the status of the supply chain and the purchasing strategy regarding raw 
materials for electric mobility. The Board of Management member responsible for Fi-
nance gave a talk on the Group’s financing system, focusing in particular on liquidity 
management and financial market risk management. When reporting on the Financial 
Services segment, the main focus was on strategy as well as business performance and 
the risk situation. We also analysed the BMW Group’s strategic cooperations in great 
detail, particularly the further course of the “Your Now” joint venture strategy and the 
market situation in China. 
In light of the coronavirus pandemic and the accompanying restrictions on events 
involving large numbers of people, in early April we agreed that the 2020 Annual 
General Meeting should be held as a virtual event without the physical presence of 
shareholders.
An important topic for the Supervisory Board in 2020 was the revision of the Board 
of Management’s remuneration system for the financial years 2021 and beyond, in line 
with the new version of the German Corporate Governance Code. After the Personnel 
Committee had completed the initial groundwork, in the third quarter we intensively 
discussed proposals for a new remuneration concept with the help of an independent 
remuneration consultant. On this basis, in December we worked through the details 
of the revised remuneration system, focusing in particular on setting targets for the 
variable remuneration components. The Supervisory Board finally passed a resolution 
approving the new remuneration system, including a standardised service agreement, 
new target remuneration levels and total remuneration caps. 
The Supervisory Board reviewed the structure and level of Board of Management re-
muneration for the financial year 2020, whilst also taking into account the BMW Group’s 
business performance in 2020. The salaries of senior executives and employees within 
Germany as a whole were also taken into account. After analysing comparative studies 
provided by an external remuneration consultant, we concluded that the remuneration 
of Board of Management members is appropriate. Detailed information on the remu-
neration of the Board of Management is provided in the Remuneration Report. 
The change to the system of Board of Management remuneration was also the focus 
of one-on-one discussions between myself and investor representatives concerning 
Supervisory-Board-related issues, including the question of the independence of Su-
pervisory Board members. 
 

--- Page 16 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
16
The main focus of  
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
WORK was on the continued 
 development of corporate 
 strategy, particularly the 
 expansion of electric mobility.
In the third quarter, the Supervisory Board devoted a great deal of time to exam-
ining the BMW Group’s revised forecast for the period from 2021 to 2026. The Board 
of Management outlined the fundamental changes made to mitigate the impact of 
the coronavirus pandemic compared with the forecast presented one year earlier as 
well as the ambitious long-term targets in the forecast. It also pointed out the higher 
degree of volatility and uncertainty in terms of external framework conditions, whilst 
reiterating the aim of achieving continuous overall growth, particularly in the field of 
electric mobility. After thorough examination, the Supervisory Board approved the 
BMW Group’s long-term corporate plan. 
At the final meeting held in 2020, the Board of Management presented the annual 
budget for corporate development in the financial year 2021 and discussed it in exhaus-
tive detail with the Supervisory Board.
With the advance of digitalisation, data protection and cybersecurity are becoming 
increasingly important issues. For this reason, we requested a report on the current 
status from the Board of Management. 
We also discussed the topic of diversity at considerable length. The Board of Man-
agement reported on the current status of the diversity concepts developed by the 
Group and the target achievement at various levels as well as future targets. As its 
target for the proportion of women on the Board of Management from 1 January 2021 to 
31 December 2025, the Supervisory Board has stipulated that the Board of Management 
should continue to include at least one female member. 
The Supervisory Board’s agenda also included a number of internal issues during 
the year under report. For example, the Supervisory Board updated its rules of pro-
cedure and published them online in accordance with the recommendation of the 
revised German Corporate Governance Code. At the Supervisory Board meeting held 
in March, we also discussed the results of our annual efficiency self-assessment in 
detail. The Supervisory Board has also benefited from advances in digitalisation, a key 
element of our corporate strategy, by setting up a digital boardroom to improve the flow 
of information. Due to coronavirus-related restrictions, beginning in the spring, the 
meetings themselves were held as face-to-face events with digital participation offered 
to enable all members to attend. 
 

--- Page 17 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
17
We also discussed corporate governance standards at the BMW Group. Based 
on a self-assessment, we concluded that the composition of the Supervisory Board 
at 31 December 2020 was in line with the targets stipulated in the diversity concept, 
the competency profile and other composition targets. We updated the competency 
profile and broadened the definition of the various areas of expertise. An overview 
showing each individual Supervisory Board member’s areas of expertise is provided in 
the Statement of Corporate Governance on our website. 
In December, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board issued their 
Declaration of Compliance with the German Corporate Governance Code. We will 
comply with the recommendations of the Code as amended on 16 December 2019 
without exception. The wording of the Declaration of Compliance can be found in the 
Statement of Corporate Governance on our website. 
The Supervisory Board took part in a variety of further training measures in 2020. 
In July, for instance, we visited the BMW Autonomous Driving Campus in Unter-
schleißheim near Munich and discussed the topic of automated driving at great length 
through several presentations. The presentation held by an external expert on artificial 
intelligence gave us additional food for thought on the importance of software for 
the future of the automotive industry, which we then explored in greater depth in a 
subsequent discussion. In September, the Supervisory Board attended a workshop on 
drivetrain technology at the BMW and MINI Driving Academy in Maisach near Munich, 
including a driving session. 
No conflicts of interest arose on the part of members of the Supervisory Board 
during the year under report. Significant transactions involving Supervisory Board 
members and / or other related parties as defined by IAS 24, including close relatives 
and intermediary entities, were subject to review on a quarterly basis.
We reviewed the efficiency of our work in the Supervisory Board by completing 
a revised and expanded questionnaire as well as holding supplementary discussions 
with the Chairman. Overall, there is a high degree of satisfaction with the work of 
the Supervisory Board. Cooperation, both within the Supervisory Board itself and 
with the Board of Management, was unanimously assessed as being constructive and 
trusting. However, we intend to discuss suggestions for improving individual aspects 
of cooperation in the new financial year. 
Sustainability is at the heart 
of the BMW Group’s broader 
strategy, encompassing  
all relevant aspects, from the 
 supply chain to production 
and the product life cycle.
 

--- Page 18 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
18
Description of Presiding Board activities and committee work 
The Supervisory Board has established a Presiding Board and four committees. The 
chairpersons of these two bodies reported in detail on the work of their committees 
at each subsequent Supervisory Board meeting. You can read more about the duties, 
the composition and the working methods of the Presiding Board and various other 
 Supervisory Board committees in the Statement of Corporate Governance on our website.
Due to the exceptional challenges of the past financial year caused by the corona-
virus pandemic, the Presiding Board and the Audit Committee intensified their work 
in order to fulfil their duties in a suitable manner. Additional meetings were held to 
provide the Presiding Board with prompt information on the current status of sales and 
production and the Audit Committee with information on liquidity and the Financial 
Services business.
The Presiding Board held six meetings and one conference call during the financial 
year 2020. Together with the Board of Management and senior heads of department, we 
prepared the detailed agenda of full Supervisory Board meetings (unless a committee 
was responsible for doing so) and made suggestions for topics to be reported on at 
Supervisory Board meetings. 
The Audit Committee held seven meetings and three conference calls during the 
year under report. 
The meetings held in February and March 2020 focused primarily on preparing 
the Supervisory Board meeting at which the financial statements for the financial year 
2019 were to be discussed and examined. After obtaining the auditor’s Declaration of 
Independence, the Audit Committee recommended to the full Supervisory Board that 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (“PwC”) be proposed 
for election as auditor at the 2020 Annual General Meeting. There were no indications 
of conflicts of interest, grounds for exclusion or lack of independence on the part of 
the auditor. 
The Audit Committee discussed PwC’s fee proposal for audits of the year-end Com-
pany and Group Financial Statements 2020 and the review of the Half-Year Financial 
Report and deemed it appropriate. Following approval by the Annual General Meeting 
held in May 2020, the Audit Committee appointed PwC for the relevant engagements 
and specified audit focus areas. It also approved the scope of non-audit services to be 
provided by PwC and subsequently received regular reports on the relevant matters. 
The quality of the audit was a subject of discussion at the Supervisory Board meetings 
held in February and June. The Board concluded that the audit was of good quality.
The Board of Management presented us with the Sustainable Value Report as well 
as the separate combined non-financial report of BMW AG and the BMW Group for 
the financial year 2019. Moreover, the representatives of PwC presented the findings 
of their review, which had been performed as a “limited assurance” engagement. 
At our meetings we also discussed preparations for the new Integrated Group Report 
and the procedural changes required with regard to reporting and the external audit. 
We decided that the non-financial (Group) statement should again be reviewed by PwC 
in the form of a “limited assurance” engagement.
We also discussed the quarterly statement with the Board of Management prior 
to their publication. Representatives of the external auditors were present when the 
Half-Year Financial Report was discussed at the beginning of August 2020.
The Audit Committee again dealt intensively with the topic of compliance within the 
BMW Group during the year under report. In his regular report, the Chairman of the 
Compliance Committee provided a summary of ongoing compliance-related proceedings 
and presented a raft of measures aimed at promoting the continuous improvement of 
the compliance system. The Head of Corporate Quality also reported on the subject of 
technical compliance. The relevant head of department also presented the Supervisory 
Board a description of tax and customs compliance management. 
Furthermore, the Audit Committee regularly discussed the status of the EU Com-
mission’s investigation into the antitrust allegations connected with the former working 
groups of several German automobile manufacturers and was provided with updates 
from the Board of Management regarding the potential further course of proceedings. 
In relation to proceedings initiated by the German Federal Cartel Office and ter-
minated in 2019 with a fine of € 28 million regarding the purchase of long steel by the 
BMW Group, the Supervisory Board addressed the question of whether it had a duty 
to act on this matter. The Supervisory Board sought counsel from external lawyers in 
order to obtain legal certainty. On the recommendation of the Audit Committee and 
after carefully considering the advantages and disadvantages for the BMW Group, based 
 

--- Page 19 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
19
on an expert legal opinion and oral explanations, the Supervisory Board decided not 
to assert any claims for damages against current or former members of the Board of 
Management of BMW AG in connection with the fine imposed by the German Federal 
Cartel Office on 21 November 2019.
In addition, the main findings of internal audits conducted by Corporate Audit as 
well as details of advance audit planning were reported to the Audit Committee. We 
discussed the effectiveness of the BMW Group’s current risk profile and risk manage-
ment system on several occasions, including ongoing measures to improve the internal 
control system on a continuous basis. 
The Audit Committee was regularly provided with detailed information regarding 
major legal disputes and proceedings. These included, in particular, an investigation 
initiated in December 2019 by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) into 
possible violations of US securities laws in relation to the reporting of vehicle delivery 
figures in the USA. The case was concluded in September 2020 with a settlement of 
18 million US dollars. 
Our agenda also included considering an audit report relating to the European 
Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR). In this context, the independent auditor 
confirmed the effectiveness of the system currently applied by BMW AG to ensure 
compliance with the regulatory requirements.
The Audit Committee concurred with the decision of the Board of Management 
to raise the Company’s share capital in accordance with Article 4 (5) of the Articles of 
Incorporation (Authorised Capital 2019) by € 822,000 and issue a corresponding number 
of new non-voting bearer shares of preferred stock in conjunction with the Employee 
Share Programme.
The SUPERVISORY BOARD 
and the BOARD OF  
MANAGEMENT will comply 
with the recommendations  
of the German Corporate 
 Governance Code without 
 exception.
 

--- Page 20 ---
To Our Stakeholders
Report of the  Supervisory Board
20
The Personnel Committee focused primarily on the topic of Board of Management 
remuneration. In its five meetings during the year under report, the Personnel Commit-
tee reviewed the appropriateness of the Board of Management’s remuneration for the 
financial year 2019, duly taking the impact of the coronavirus pandemic into account. 
During the second half of the year, the Committee focused on revising the remuneration 
system for Board of Management members. The Personnel Committee also performed 
the groundwork for the full Supervisory Board to appoint a Board of Management 
member responsible for Development and granted approval for members of the Board 
of Management to assume mandates outside the Group in exceptional cases.
The Nomination Committee convened twice during the financial year 2020. Taking 
into account the German Corporate Governance Code (DGCC) and the composition 
requirements adopted by the Supervisory Board, the Nomination Committee addressed 
the issue of potential replacements for shareholder representatives on the Supervisory 
Board in the coming years. 
The Mediation Committee, which is prescribed by law, did not need to convene 
during the financial year 2020.
Composition of the Board of Management 
With effect from 1 July 2020, Klaus Fröhlich retired from his position as Board of 
Management member responsible for Development. We would like to thank Mr Fröhlich 
for his many years of successful and effective work for BMW AG and particularly wish 
to express our appreciation for the momentum he generated over a 30-year period in 
advancing the BMW Group’s role as a pioneer of new technologies.
The Supervisory Board appointed Frank Weber to the Board of Management as his 
successor with effect from 1 July 2020. Mr Weber joined the BMW Group in 2011 as 
Head of Total Vehicle Development and was most recently responsible for the Rolls-
Royce product line as well as the BMW luxury class. In light of the various management 
positions he has previously held in development, Mr Weber is excellently qualified to 
assume responsibility for Development at the BMW Group and we certainly wish him 
all the best in his new role. 
The Supervisory Board extended the mandate of one Board of Management member 
during the year under report.
Composition of the Supervisory Board, the Presiding Board and the Supervisory Board’s 
committees 
Prof. Renate Köcher left the Supervisory Board with effect from the end of the 
Annual General Meeting 2020. We would like to thank Prof. Köcher for her many 
years of constructive work and faithful cooperation while serving on the Supervisory 
Board. The Annual General Meeting elected Anke Schäferkordt as a new member of 
the Supervisory Board. Ms Schäferkordt has a wealth of knowledge and experience in 
the field of communication and media, and, in her capacity as an independent financial 
expert, ideally complements the Supervisory Board’s overall composition. The Annual 
General Meeting re-elected me as a member of the Supervisory Board and I was again 
elected Chairman at the subsequent meeting of the Supervisory Board. 
In view of the considerable length of time he has been a member of the Supervi-
sory Board and mindful of the Supervisory Board’s efforts to appoint an independent 
chairperson to the Audit Committee as defined in the German Corporate Governance 
Code, Dr Karl-Ludwig Kley resigned his membership and chairmanship of the Audit 
Committee with effect from the end of the 2020 Annual General Meeting. We wish to 
thank Dr Kley for his many years of knowledgeable and committed leadership of the 
Audit Committee and are delighted that he will continue to contribute his expertise as 
a member of the Supervisory Board. Dr Kurt Bock was subsequently elected as member 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee. Dr Bock has been a member of the Supervisory 
Board since 2018 and, as a former long-serving Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of 
the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE, has a great deal of expertise in the fields 
of accounting, financial reporting and auditing. An overview of the composition of the 
 in this report and in the separate 
Supervisory Board and its committees is provided both 
Statement on Corporate Governance, which is available on our website together with 
the curricula vitae of Supervisory Board members.
 
