
--- Page 3 ---
Letter to shareholders
“ We have absolute clarity 
on our future, and we are 
focused on accelerating 
growth, gaining share 
and increasing returns for 
shareholders over time.”
Jane Fraser  
Chief Executive Officer
Dear shareholders,
Looking back at 2022, I don’t think any of us could have predicted the 
twists and turns the year would take. Lingering disruptions to supply 
chains, historic inflationary pressures, persistent lockdowns in China 
and the largest war on European soil since World War II combined to 
create a tumultuous environment for businesses and financial markets.
As a leading global bank with a more-than-210-year history, these 
dynamics are not unfamiliar to us. And as we showed throughout the 
pandemic, Citi is an important source of strength and stability during 
times of immense change and challenge. This is an opportunity and a 
responsibility we take very seriously.
So, for me, 2022 will be remembered most for two things: 
The first is how we continued to support our clients. We helped them 
navigate macro and geopolitical dynamics. We advised them in their digital 
transformations and supported the shifts in their business models. We 
guided them in their transitions toward a clean-energy economy. When war 
broke out in Ukraine, we sprang to the aid of our employees and clients on 
the ground, and helped our multinational clients unwind their operations in 
Russia in response to Western sanctions aimed at the country. 
The second is the important strides we are making to position Citi to win 
in the decade ahead. In March 2022, at our first Investor Day in several 
years, we set a vision and refreshed our strategy to change our business 
mix and simplify our operating model. We have 
absolute clarity on our future, and we are focused 
on accelerating growth, gaining share and 
increasing returns for shareholders over time. 
By most measures, we ended the year in a stronger 
position than we started. 
A foundation for the future
Our vision for Citi is to be the preeminent banking 
partner for institutions with cross-border needs, 
a global leader in wealth management and a 
valued personal bank in our home market. 
To that end, we have laid the foundation 
by focusing on five core interconnected 
businesses: Services, Markets, Banking, 
Global Wealth Management and U.S. 
Personal Banking. We intentionally designed 
our business mix to withstand different 
macroeconomic conditions, and we have seen 
that borne out over the past year. So whilst the 
environment has changed, our strategy has 
not, and we remain steadfast in executing and 
delivering for our shareholders.
2
For the year, we delivered $14.8 billion in net income on 
revenues of $75.3 billion. Our Return on Tangible Common 
Equity (RoTCE1) was 8.9%, and we remain on track to achieve 
an RoTCE of 11–12% in the medium term. 
We increased our Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio by nearly 
80 basis points to 13%, which includes a buffer of 100 basis 
points above the regulatory requirement to help absorb the 
impact of various macro and other factors. Finally, our tangible 
book value per share1 increased to $81.65, and we returned 
more than $7 billion to our shareholders through common 
dividends and share repurchases. 
How our core businesses fared
Our Services business had an exceptional year with revenues 
up 27% versus 2021. Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS), 
the crown jewel of our global network, experienced a 32% 
increase in revenues as we continued to grow our wallet 
share with existing clients whilst also adding new client 
relationships. With the introduction of a seven-day sweeps 
service, the industry’s first 24/7 USD clearing capabilities 
and instant payments in 33 markets, we’re moving closer 
to an always-on, near real-time cash management solution 
for corporate clients. In Securities Services, we grew yearly 
revenues by 15% and onboarded $1.2 trillion in assets under 
custody and administration. 
Our Markets business closed 2022 with revenues up 7% 
from 2021, ending the year with one of the best fourth 
quarters in recent memory. Our traders navigated the 
volatility quite well, with notable performance amongst 
corporate clients and strong gains in FX and rates. And 
together with our Corporate Bank, our Markets team 
continued to optimize its balance sheet. 
Revenues in Banking fell 35% as we contended with a materially 
slower deal environment. But Banking remains a key part of 
our strategy, and we continued to play a leading role in the 
year’s notable transactions. This included acting as one of the 
lead advisors on Volkswagen’s €9.4 billion IPO of Porsche, the 
largest public listing of the year, and serving as financial advisor 
to Amgen on its proposed $27.8 billion acquisition of Horizon 
Therapeutics. We hired exceptional bankers in healthcare, clean 
energy and technology — all sectors critical to our growth — 
and welcomed new talent into our Commercial Bank as it has 
expanded into Canada, Germany and Switzerland.
In U.S. Personal Banking, revenues for the year rose 7% as we 
bolstered our leadership in payments and lending. Branded 
Cards grew revenues by 9%, whilst Retail Services revenues 
were up 7%. We launched new credit cards with ExxonMobil 
and AT&T and celebrated 35 years of our co-branded credit 
3

--- Page 4 ---
A year of progress
Debuted  
a refreshed  
strategy 
for improving  
returns at Citi’s 
Investor Day 
Celebrated  
35 years 
of the American 
Airlines co-branded 
credit card, a leading 
airline rewards  
credit card
Served as one of 
the lead advisors
on Porsche’s IPO and 
as financial advisor 
on Amgen’s proposed 
acquisition of Horizon 
Therapeutics 
Hired exceptional 
talent in Banking, 
Capital Markets  
and Advisory
to strengthen coverage 
of growth sectors such as 
healthcare, clean energy 
and technology
Built out digital 
capabilities 
in our market-leading  
Treasury and Trade Solutions 
business and launched  
a 24/7 payments  
clearing service 
Expanded the  
Private Bank 
to France and Germany, 
opened the first Citi 
Global Wealth Center 
in Hong Kong and 
established a Citi Global 
Wealth at Work presence 
in Luxembourg
Onboarded  
$1.2 trillion of 
new assets under 
custody and 
administration 
in Securities 
Services
Simplified our  
operating model 
by closing the sale of five 
consumer businesses 
and announced plans  
to end nearly all 
operations in Russia
Strengthened 
connections between 
businesses 
resulting in more  
than 60,000 client  
referrals from the U.S. 
Personal Bank to  
Citi Global Wealth
Grew Citi 
Commercial Bank 
by expanding into 
Canada, Germany and 
Switzerland and  
hiring talent  
to execute on our 
client-centric  
coverage model
Enhanced risk  
and controls 
by improving stress  
test capabilities and 
our approval process 
for new products
Implemented 
new performance 
management 
framework 
to drive excellence 
and accountability 
across the firm
4
5

--- Page 5 ---
card partnership with American Airlines. Revenues in Retail 
Banking were roughly flat for the full year, but we continued to 
enhance our digital capabilities, growing digital users by 6% 
for the year. And as part of our efforts to break down barriers to 
banking, last year we became the first of the largest U.S. banks 
to completely eliminate overdraft fees and returned item fees 
for our customers.
We also made progress building out our Global Wealth 
Management business despite the economic headwinds 
that slowed activity amongst our Asia-based clients in 
particular and reduced overall revenues by 2%. Having unified 
our Wealth businesses under a single platform, we’ve been 
acquiring new clients and investing in hiring advisors to make 
sure we’re well-positioned for success as the markets recover. 
In addition, we forged ahead with our global expansion, 
opening Private Bank offices in Paris and Frankfurt, a new 
Wealth center in Hong Kong and a Citi Global Wealth at Work 
presence in Luxembourg. 
Greater connectivity and focus
A centerpiece of our go-forward plan is increasing the linkages 
between our businesses so we can more easily engage clients 
in one part of our firm with products and services from another. 
By delivering the full power of Citi to clients, we can deepen 
existing relationships and win new mandates. 
Our Markets and Banking businesses are now aligned more 
closely than ever, and, as a result, we are supporting our 
clients in a more integrated way. Our Wealth business is also 
benefiting from closer connections and received more than 
60,000 referrals from the Retail Bank last year. In addition, 
we have established a new partnership agreement between 
Wealth and our Commercial Bank, where 90% of our clients 
are privately owned companies. 
At the same time, we are making progress in simplifying our 
firm, making us easier to manage and allowing us to focus on 
the parts of our business where we know we can grow and 
improve our competitiveness. 
We announced our intention to exit 14 consumer businesses 
in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Mexico — businesses 
that do not have clear synergies with our global network. 
As a result of swift but disciplined execution, in 2022 we 
successfully closed the sale of our consumer businesses in 
Australia, Bahrain, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. 
In March 2023, we closed the sale of our consumer 
businesses in India and Vietnam and are on track to close 
two additional markets by the end of the year. We also 
are progressing with the wind-down of our consumer 
business in Korea. In addition to exiting our consumer and 
local commercial banking businesses in Russia, we are 
actively ending nearly all institutional banking services in 
the country, and by the second quarter of 2023, our only 
operations will be those necessary to fulfill any legal and 
regulatory obligations. Apart from Russia, Citi will continue 
to serve our clients and invest in these markets through our 
institutional franchise and our Wealth business. 
6
Citi’s Transformation
For our strategy to unlock the greatest possible value, 
we know we need to modernize our infrastructure so that 
we are scaled and agile and able to continue to deliver 
for our clients. The consent orders issued in 2020 by the 
Federal Reserve Board and Office of the Comptroller of 
the Currency underscored how we had underinvested not 
only in parts of our infrastructure but also in our risk and 
controls environment and our data governance.
Last year, we made progress in accelerating our work to address 
these gaps and simplify and modernize our operating model for 
the digital age. This work is so consequential in nature that we 
call it our “Transformation.” It remains my number one priority.
Whilst this is a multi-year journey, we are already seeing the 
fruits of our labors. We have dramatically streamlined our 
approval process for new products. And new stress testing 
capabilities enable us to make faster, better-informed risk 
decisions. This made a huge difference in how we have been 
able to minimize the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 
on all parts of our business. 
Investments in our people and communities 
Ensuring we have a culture characterized by excellence and 
accountability underpins the success of our Transformation 
and broader vision for the firm. Last year, we launched a 
program, Citi’s New Way, to help our colleagues adopt the 
everyday habits we need in order to operate with excellence. 
We have also hardwired accountability into our firm by 
strengthening our performance management process and 
implementing a greater emphasis on financial returns rather 
than on revenues. 
The diversity of the nearly 240,000 people who work at Citi 
is a distinguishing aspect of our firm, as is the diversity of our 
Board, which is majority female. We remain committed to a 
workplace that mirrors the communities we serve. In 2022, 
we set new goals to increase the number of women and other 
underrepresented groups working at Citi. These new goals 
follow our success in exceeding the three-year goals we set in 
2018 to increase the percentage of women in the firm globally 
and of Black talent in the U.S. 
In another sign of our progress, last year we celebrated the 
promotion of one of the largest and most diverse Managing 
Director classes in recent years. Maintaining a workplace 
that is diverse, equitable and inclusive is not only true to our 
values but key to our competitiveness.
Our commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion 
goes well beyond Citi’s walls as we continue to use our 
resources as a global bank to take on some of society’s 
toughest challenges. We expanded the Citi Impact Fund 
to $500 million in support of diverse founders who are 
driving both financial and social returns. And we delivered 
on our commitment to transparency and accountability by 
announcing the findings from an external review and audit of 
our $1 billion Action for Racial Equity initiative to help close 
the racial wealth gap.
Full year 2022 results and key metrics
Key financial metrics
Businesses snapshot
REVENUES
$75.3B
NET INCOME
$14.8B
EPS
$7.00
ROCE
7.7%
RoTCE
8.9%1
SLR
5.8%
CET1 CAPITAL 
RATIO
13.0%2
TOTAL SERVICES  
REVENUES
 27%
TOTAL MARKETS  
REVENUES
 7%
TOTAL BANKING  
REVENUES
U.S. PERSONAL  
BANKING REVENUES
 35%
GLOBAL WEALTH  
MANAGEMENT  
REVENUES
 2%
 7%
LEGACY FRANCHISES 
REVENUES
 3%
TTS revenues
 32% YoY
with further  
wallet share gains
Securities Services
 15% YoY
with
$1.2T
of new client assets under custody 
and administration onboarded
Key highlights
Fixed Income revenues
 13% YoY
signaling our strengthened 
leadership position
Cards revenues
 8% YoY
with double-digit growth in 
revenues and interest-earning 
balances in the second half
Returned
~$7.3B
in capital to shareholders in  
the form of common dividends  
and share repurchases
Closed the sale of
5
non-strategic consumer  
exit markets3
We have also been a leader in reimagining the future of 
work. Drawing on lessons learned during the pandemic, we 
have institutionalized a hybrid work model for much of our 
firm. This approach provides the flexibility that our people 
want whilst also ensuring we benefit from the in-person 
collaboration, real-time coaching and apprenticeship that 
occurs only when we are physically together. 
Everywhere you look around the firm, there is an undeniable 
sense of momentum. We have never been clearer about the 
bank we want to be, and we have made significant progress 
over the past year in bringing this vision to life. Through our 
relentless commitment to excellence, we are changing the 
trajectory of Citi to close the gap with our competitors and 
deliver a new era of success for all our stakeholders. 
Sincerely,
Jane Fraser 
Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc.
1  RoTCE and tangible book value per share are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 40 of Citi’s 2022 Form 10-K.
2  Citi’s binding CET1 Capital ratio was derived under the Basel III Standardized Approach as of December 31, 2022.
3  Closed the sale of India and Vietnam consumer businesses in March 2023.
7
