
--- Page 4 ---
Letter  
to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
In 2019, Citi delivered our most 
profitable year since 2006.  
The $19.4 billion we earned  
on $74.3 billion in revenues  
was $1.4 billion higher than in 
2018. Our earnings per share  
of $8.04 were up more than 
20% compared with the year 
before. We drove 4% underlying 
revenue growth across our 
Consumer and Institutional 
franchises.1 We have grown 
loans and deposits for  
16 consecutive quarters.
We continued to make progress 
toward the financial targets we have 
laid out. We are on a path to return 
approximately $62 billion of capital 
to our shareholders, exceeding our 
commitment. To date, we have returned 
approximately $53 billion, including a 
portion of the roughly $22 billion we 
gained regulatory approval to return 
over the 2019 Comprehensive Capital 
Analysis and Review cycle. Most 
importantly, we closed out 2019 on a 
high note, with a Return on Tangible 
Common Equity of 12.1%, just above our 
12% target and 120 basis points higher 
than in 2018.2
These results reflect how well our 
model can perform, even in an 
uncertain environment. Coming out 
of a tough fourth quarter of 2018 
for the markets and our industry, 
2
we entered 2019 amid widespread 
predictions of a global recession and 
potential turn of the business cycle. 
Against that backdrop, the growth 
we drove came — as we said it would 
— from working collaboratively and 
creatively with clients to manage 
and grow their businesses in an 
increasingly complex environment 
characterized by trade routes shifting 
and supply chains realigning. We 
again proved the value of our global 
client network and unmatched ability 
to connect people and businesses to 
opportunities worldwide. 
The year concluded with several 
economic storm clouds lifting. The U.S. 
and China signed a Phase 1 trade deal, 
the new United States-Mexico-Canada 
Agreement was ratified and Brexit was 
Michael L. Corbat 
Chief Executive Officer
at last confirmed. At Citi, we emerged 
in a strong competitive position in 
terms of capital, liquidity, technology 
and, importantly, talent. Changes to 
my management team include a new 
President of Citi and CEO of Global 
Consumer Banking, Jane Fraser; a new 
CEO of our Institutional Clients Group, 
Paco Ybarra; a new CFO, Mark Mason; 
and new heads of our three regions. 
Our positive position across all of 
those areas permitted us to realize the 
benefits of investments we have made 
over the past several years in high-
growth, high-return areas across the 
franchise. We also continued to invest 
in our infrastructure and culture of 
compliance and controls, in light of the 
enduring need to be an indisputably 
strong and stable institution.

--- Page 5 ---
In our Global Consumer Bank, we 
sustained momentum by generating 
4% annual underlying revenue 
growth with contributions from all 
three regions: the U.S., Mexico and 
Asia.3 Since establishing a client-
centric structure in our largest 
Consumer market, the U.S., our 
strategy of unifying Branded Cards 
and Retail Banking has yielded a 
steady stream of compelling new 
products and value propositions, 
from digital lending to flexible 
payments. We are targeting a 
significant opportunity to redefine 
scale not according to the traditional 
metrics of assets and footprint but 
with digitally driven experiences. 
The strong revenue growth we saw in 
Branded Cards and $6 billion in U.S. 
digital deposit sales — five times that 
of the previous year — are signs that 
our integrated client-centric strategy 
is working. Two-thirds of our digital 
deposit sales came from outside our 
physical footprint and half came from 
our card customers with no prior 
retail banking relationship with us. 
We also expanded our relationship 
with American Airlines to offer a 
new savings account designed to 
deepen relationships from cards-only 
customers to multi-relationship clients. 
And we announced a partnership with 
Google to explore launching a new 
checking account on Google Play in 
2020, aimed at expanding the reach 
and breadth of our customer base. 
In Asia, we entered into new credit 
card partnerships with digital leaders 
Grab, Lazada and Indian e-commerce 
juggernaut Paytm. In Mexico, we 
continued to leverage Citibanamex’s 
extraordinary prestige and leading 
market position to deliver double-
digit growth in earnings before taxes 
even in a muted market environment. 
Our Institutional Clients Group turned 
in an equally strong performance, 
driving balanced 4% underlying 
revenue growth across our franchise 
that serves corporate (including 90% 
of Fortune 500 firms), investor and 
government clients and ultra high net 
worth households and individuals.4 
International Financing Review 
summed up the source of our market 
and wallet share gains when it named 
Citi 2019 Bank of the Year: “Citi is a 
truly global — and unique — corporate 
bank that joins the developed and 
developing world.” Those connections 
run deep between our banking teams 
and clients and across products, 
sectors, markets and regions. 
CITIGROUP — KEY CAPITAL METRICS
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio1
Supplementary Leverage Ratio1
TBV/Share2
12.1%
12.6%
12.4%
11.9%
11.8%
7.1%
7.2%
6.7%
6.4%
6.2%
$60.61
$64.57
$60.16
$63.79
$70.39
4Q’15
4Q’16
4Q’17
4Q’18
4Q’19
1  Citigroup’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Supplementary Leverage Ratio for 2017 and prior years 
are non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures. For additional information, please see “Capital Resources” in Citi’s 2017 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.
2  Tangible Book Value (TBV) per share is a non-GAAP ﬁnancial measure. For a reconciliation to reported 
results, please see “Tangible Common Equity, Book Value Per Share, Tangible Book Value Per Share and 
Returns on Equity” in Citi’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
2019 NET REVENUES1
2019 Net Revenues: $72.3 Billion
BY REGION
North America
47%
Europe, 
Middle East 
and Africa 
(EMEA)
17%
Latin America
14%
Asia2
22%
BY BUSINESS
Global 
Consumer 
Banking (GCB)
45%
ICG Banking
30%
ICG Markets and 
Securities Services
25%
ICG — Institutional Clients Group
1  Results exclude Corporate/Other revenues 
(of $2.0 billion) and are non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures.
2 Asia GCB includes the results of operations of GCB 
activities in certain EMEA countries.
Our industry-leading Treasury and 
Trade Solutions (TTS) business is the 
backbone of our institutional franchise 
because our global client network 
makes Citi the first call to manage 
cash, process payments and create 
solutions to supply chain challenges 
and provides opportunities for clients 
in multiple markets and currencies. 
TTS has established itself within 
our firm and industry as a pioneer 
in steering the shift from analog 
to digital platforms and processes. 
In partnership with fintech firms, 
including Feedzai, HighRadius and 
Cachematrix, TTS is actively exploring 
artificial intelligence, machine learning 
and blockchain applications to 
automate cash management, foreign 
exchange and fraud protection to 
consolidate its position as the premier 
global commerce banking platform.
3

--- Page 6 ---
S
R
E
D
L
O
H
E
R
A
H
S
O
T
R
E
T
T
E
L
Our Markets and Securities Services 
business continues its strong 
performance having topped the 
Greenwich Associates’ Global Fixed 
Income Dealer rankings for the fourth 
consecutive year. Securities Services 
grew deposit balances versus the 
prior year through new mandates and 
organic growth from existing clients. 
Citi Private Bank retained the award 
for the Best Global Private Bank from 
the Financial Times for the second 
year, finishing 2019 with year-over-
year growth across product areas. 
To enhance how we serve midsized 
companies that value our global 
reach, we realigned our organizational 
structure to have Citi Commercial 
Bank report into the Institutional 
Clients Group globally. This new 
alignment leverages the full 
breadth of solutions provided by 
our client network and gives us new 
opportunities to continue to build and 
develop our top talent. 
A year after we aligned our structure to 
create a holistic client coverage model 
in the form of the unified Banking, 
Capital Markets and Advisory (BCMA) 
team, our share rose year-over-year 
across mergers and acquisitions (M&A) 
and equity and debt capital markets. 
Our increased share shows how we 
can deliver a full suite of services to 
clients who rely on us to sustain steady 
transactional flow. BCMA fulfilled its 
mandate by executing on an even 
higher share of the year’s significant 
deals. We were financial advisor to U.S. 
biotech firm Celgene on its $96.8 billion 
merger with Bristol-Myers Squibb, the 
largest-ever healthcare M&A deal. We 
were lead financial advisor to Raytheon 
on its all-stock merger with United 
Technologies’ aerospace unit. We also 
were joint global coordinator and 
bookrunner on Alibaba Group’s nearly 
$13 billion secondary listing in Hong 
Kong, the largest global follow-on deal 
in the sector and a sign of confidence 
in an important hub for Citi, the region 
and the world. 
In 2019, the expectations of consumer 
and institutional clients continued 
to converge. Both groups want 
simple, seamless experiences that 
4
are not just best of bank but best 
in life, prompting us to allocate 
substantial resources and mindshare 
to exceeding our clients’ evolving 
expectations of engaging with Citi on 
their channel of choice.
Our strategy to capture the abundant 
opportunities inherent in this trend 
is threefold. First, we partner with 
startups that value our model, global 
client base and brand to test and 
deploy new technologies at scale. 
Second, we invest in firms with 
demonstrable growth potential and 
ability to create solutions that deliver 
real benefits to our firm and clients. 
And third, we develop proprietary 
solutions through our internal D10X 
incubation program and network 
of Innovation Labs. Regardless of 
source, our intent is the same: tapping 
technology to eliminate client pain 
points and frustrations, streamline 
our processes, and deliver holistic, 
integrated products and services to 
customers and clients of all sizes 
and sectors more seamlessly and 
efficiently than peers. That strategy 
is showing results, and Citi’s digital 
leadership has been recognized in 
each region. Citi was named Best 
Digital Bank in Asia by Euromoney, 
principles for responsible firms, I 
found the lively debate that ensued 
healthy and reassuring, but for us 
at Citi, the approach is not new. 
The statement said simply that 
companies should take the interests 
of all stakeholders — including 
shareholders, colleagues, clients, 
suppliers and communities — into 
account when making decisions. 
With every action we take, we 
strive to demonstrate the value we 
contribute and the values we uphold. 
Ultimately, taking stakeholder 
interests into account benefits our 
shareholders. We have been on this 
journey for some time and welcome 
the actions companies are taking 
to hold themselves accountable to 
higher environmental, social and 
governance standards. 
We also see this as a positive 
development because these 
expectations arise from the higher 
levels of trust and credibility 
businesses have built, notably with 
their own people. Research reveals 
that a global majority do not trust 
the media or government to do the 
right thing for them or for society. 
Still, three out of four believe their 
own employer will. As colleagues 
As colleagues and clients want to work 
for, and do business with, companies that 
affirmatively reflect their own priorities 
and principles, more firms intent on 
attracting and retaining top talent are 
rising to the challenge.
Best Digital Bank in Mexico by Global 
Finance and the firm with the Most 
Desirable Mobile Banking Features 
in the U.S. by Business Insider 
Intelligence.
In August, when the Business 
Roundtable — an organization of 
CEOs of major U.S. companies, of 
which I am a member — announced 
a revised statement of purpose and 
and clients want to work for, and 
do business with, companies that 
affirmatively reflect their own 
priorities and principles, more firms 
intent on attracting and retaining top 
talent are rising to the challenge.
As for Citi’s concrete commitments, 
our businesses seek out opportunities 
to address challenges that impact our 
clients and communities.
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
Our government clients around the 
world urgently need infrastructure. 
The G20 has estimated that nearly 
$100 trillion is needed for global 
infrastructure spending by 2040, but 
there is a spending gap of $18 trillion. 
Citi’s Public Finance team is playing its 
part by financing, among other critical 
projects, the two largest airport public-
private partnerships in U.S. history. We 
also financed the construction of new 
subway systems in Panama and Peru, 
helping two fast-growing metropolises 
in dynamic emerging economies reduce 
traffic and carbon emissions.
In the communities we serve, one 
particular infrastructure gap is 
increasingly pressing: affordable 
housing. As urban populations soar and 
cities become less affordable for many, 
what has long been an acute shortage 
is becoming a crisis. In 2019, Citi ranked 
first among U.S. financiers of affordable 
housing for the 10th year in a row. 
We financed over $6 billion worth of 
affordable rental housing projects. In 
partnership with developers, nonprofits 
and governments, our Citi Community 
Capital team has helped to create or 
preserve nearly 500,000 affordable 
units over the past decade.
We have been on the front lines and 
in charge of leading our industry 
with our sustainability strategy since 
joining the United Nations Environment 
Programme Finance Initiative in 
1997 and co-founding the Equator 
Principles in 2003. That is the first 
framework developed by responsible 
financial institutions to assess and 
manage the environmental and social 
risks associated with project finance. 
Flash forward to September 2019 and 
Climate Week in New York: Citi was the 
only U.S. bank to sign on to the United 
Nations’ Principles for Responsible 
Banking, joining a coalition of 130 
There are few areas where the gap 
between the scale of the need and of the 
progress to date is wider than in the field 
of inclusive finance.
global financial firms that have agreed 
to align their business practices related 
to climate risks and opportunities with 
the UN’s Sustainable Development 
Goals and the Paris Agreement. 
In 2013, Citi achieved our first  
10-year $50 billion Environmental 
Finance Goal three years early, and in 
2019, we exceeded our second 10-year 
$100 billion Environmental Finance 
Goal four years ahead of schedule. In 
2019, we were a founding signatory of 
the Poseidon Principles, a voluntary 
framework aimed at reducing the 
carbon emissions of maritime 
shipping. We are also on track to 
achieve our goal of sourcing 100% 
renewable electricity across our global 
operations in 2020.
There are few areas where the gap 
between the scale of the need and 
of the progress to date is wider than 
in the field of inclusive finance. With 
the world’s unbanked population 
estimated at 1.7 billion, our Inclusive 
Finance unit has worked with teams 
across our firm over the last decade 
to provide more than 3.3 million 
entrepreneurs, 3 million of them 
women, with access to capital and 
financial services in 34 countries in 
partnership with the U.S. International 
Development Finance Corporation, 
formerly OPIC. The Citibanamex 
Transfer account has attracted over 
10 million customers, 80% formerly 
unbanked. The Citi Foundation’s 
Pathways to Progress program, which 
started in 2014 in 10 cities and went 
global three years later, has helped 
prepare more than 850,000 youth 
for the jobs of today through paid 
internships, mentorship, workforce 
training and leadership development. 
We have invested $140 million in this 
initiative to date and will soon be 
announcing its next stage.
The financial results we reported and 
the positive economic and social impact 
that we and our model have on our 
clients and communities have never 
been more closely connected. The 
Mission and Value Proposition at the 
front of this report describes not just 
what we do but how and why we do 
it. As we prepare to host our second 
Investor Day, in 2020, I have never felt 
better about our financial strength and 
competitive position, as measured by all 
the relevant metrics: revenues, returns, 
income and capital. I have also never 
felt better or more confident about 
who we are, what we stand for, and the 
lasting value of the many things we do 
for our clients, our communities, our 
shareholders, our people and all of our 
stakeholders worldwide. While there is 
no shortage of challenges ahead, I am 
confident in our ability to continue to 
rise and meet them.
Sincerely,
Michael L. Corbat
Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc.
1  Excludes the impact of foreign exchange (FX) translation (constant dollars), as well as pretax gains on sale in 2018 of approximately $150 million on a 
Hilton portfolio sale in North America Global Consumer Banking (GCB) and approximately $250 million on an asset management business in Latin America 
GCB. For a reconciliation of revenues in constant dollars to reported results for Citi’s consumer business (GCB) and institutional business (Institutional 
Clients Group), see Slide 31 of Citi’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Review available on Citi’s investor relations website. As used throughout, Citi’s results of 
operations in constant dollars and excluding the gains on sale are non-GAAP financial measures.
2  Return on Tangible Common Equity (ROTCE) is a non-GAAP financial measure. ROTCE in 2018 excludes a one-time benefit of $94 million due to the 
finalization of the provisional component of the impact, based on Citi’s analysis, as well as additional guidance received from the U.S. Treasury 
Department, related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. For the components of the ROTCE calculation, see “Capital Resources—Tangible Common Equity,  
Book Value per Share, Tangible Book Value per Share and Returns on Equity” in Citi’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K included with this letter.
3  Excludes the impact of FX translation, as well as the gains on sale in North America GCB and Latin America GCB described in endnote 1. For a reconciliation 
of revenues in constant dollars to reported results, see the tables in “Global Consumer Banking—Latin America GCB” and “Global Consumer Banking—Asia 
GCB” in Citi’s 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K included with this letter.
4  Excludes the impact of FX translation. For a reconciliation to reported results, see Slide 31 of Citi’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Review available  
on Citi’s investor relations website.
5
