
--- Page 4 ---
2019 Financial Performance
In 2019, the global economy experienced broad-based 
growth, inflation was subdued and unemployment fell  
to multi-year lows in key regions, while the outlook for 
economic growth and geopolitical risk was closely 
monitored throughout the year. At Goldman Sachs,  
our businesses weathered pockets of market volatility 
and delivered strong performance into year end. Our 
enduring focus on our clients and our culture of 
excellence drove solid financial results. Net revenues  
were $36.55 billion for the year and return on average 
common shareholders’ equity was 10.0 percent. We 
remained the industry’s leading mergers and acquisitions 
advisor, and held the #1 position in worldwide equity 
and equity-related offerings and common stock  
offerings for the year. 
Our businesses generally produced strong net revenues, 
and the growth we achieved in new initiatives such as our 
consumer banking business was encouraging. Investment 
Banking generated net revenues of $7.60 billion, its 
second highest annual net revenues. In Global Markets, 
our broad and diverse franchise across FICC and Equities 
delivered net revenues of $14.78 billion, reflecting 
growing financing revenues. Asset Management produced 
solid results, with net revenues of $8.97 billion, amid 
strong asset inflows; net revenues in Equity investments 
continue to be robust and rose versus 2018. Rapidly 
scaling Consumer & Wealth Management generated 
record net revenues of $5.20 billion. Firmwide assets 
under supervision increased during the year to a  
record $1.86 trillion.
Our Purpose and Core Values
We believe that shareholders and stakeholders alike 
expect companies to explain their purpose and  
core values. Goldman Sachs’ mission is to advance 
sustainable economic growth and financial opportunity 
across the globe. Drawing upon over 150 years of 
experience working with the world’s leading businesses, 
entrepreneurs, and institutions, we mobilize our people 
and resources to advance the success of our clients, 
broaden individual prosperity and accelerate economic 
2 
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report
progress for all. If we successfully deliver on this purpose, 
we are confident that we will also succeed in delivering 
significant value to our shareholders. 
We are taking our foundational strengths and applying 
them as we invest in our future. This means affirming  
our values while fostering change and innovation. As 
part of that effort, we distilled our business principles 
into four core values that inform everything we do. First 
is the partnership ethos which is central to Goldman 
Sachs’ culture. I’m referring not just to our firm’s 
leadership group, the partners of Goldman Sachs, but 
also to the philosophy behind our client relationships and 
the way we interact with our stakeholders. Partnership 
fosters a sense of ownership and stewardship that is truly 
unique and differentiated. It encourages collaboration, 
inclusivity, and teamwork, and it inspires our people to 
always put our clients at the center of everything we do.
Of course, putting our clients at the center requires 
exceptional client service, which is our second core  
value. Having personally spent decades building deep 
relationships with clients, I can attest to the results we 
can achieve through long-term dedication to client 
service. This goes beyond transactional excellence. The 
connectivity to our people — our ability to offer advice, 
knowledge, and feedback — is often the most significant 
driver of value.
As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, I am intensely 
focused on integrity. We must have an unrelenting 
commitment to doing the right thing — always. 
Particularly in the wake of our experience in Malaysia,  
I am keenly aware of how the actions of a few can harm 
our firm. We will continue to assess ways to learn and 
improve from this experience, and we are committed to 
ensuring our culture of integrity remains a core value. 
Finally, excellence. We are committed to delivering to  
the very best of our ability. This value permeates our 
organization from the bottom to the top. It informs  
the kind of people we attract, the advice we give, and  
the ways in which we strive to exceed our clients’ 
expectations. Every day, I see examples of the people  
of Goldman Sachs going the extra mile, working to 
execute at the highest level possible.

--- Page 5 ---
P U R P O S E
We advance sustainable 
economic growth and financial 
opportunity
P O S I T I O N I N G
Drawing on over 150 years of experience working with the  
world’s leading businesses, entrepreneurs and institutions, we 
mobilize our people, culture, technologies and ideas to advance 
the success of our clients, broaden individual prosperity and 
accelerate economic progress for all
Partnership              Client Service              Integrity              Excellence
C O R E  VA L U E S
Our Competitive Strengths
Today, Goldman Sachs possesses an enviable portfolio  
of market-leading businesses. Foundational to our 
success are a number of self-reinforcing competitive 
strengths within these businesses. First, we firmly believe 
our biggest competitive strength is the exceptional talent 
of our people. I frequently hear from clients that our 
people differentiate us from the competition, and I see  
it firsthand. Goldman Sachs has developed an ecosystem 
that attracts and develops top talent from across the 
globe, giving them platforms to thrive and grow.
We operate in an industry where people and the 
relationships they build are paramount. Our efforts  
to find the best people range from extensive campus 
recruiting all the way to hiring senior talent laterally, 
including at the partner level. We had 85,000 applicants 
for 2,600 campus positions for 2020, illustrating our 
ability to build a workplace where tomorrow’s leaders 
want to be. We are especially focused on ensuring we 
have the best pipeline of rising talent, and the best 
programs to develop those leaders. It helps that our 
history, our people and our ideas have made Goldman 
Sachs an aspirational brand around the globe. Our brand 
has proven influential with institutions and in corporate 
boardrooms, and it resonates with new and different 
clients, such as consumers.
Closely linked with exceptional talent is the culture of 
innovation which our people foster. This firm is ready  
to capitalize on new opportunities; in fact, we are well 
underway on a number of efforts that I will describe 
below. We are deeply focused on encouraging innovation 
and new thinking across all of our businesses.
Additionally, our presence around the world today is 
truly global. We are able to serve clients everywhere that 
matters to them. As one sign of our focus on growing this 
worldwide footprint, our international net revenues have 
grown 22-fold since 1990, and represent approximately 
40 percent of our overall firmwide net revenues. Hand-
in-hand with a truly global presence is the remarkable 
depth of our client relationships. We are a trusted advisor 
known for the quality and duration of our relationships 
with corporations, governments, institutions, and 
individuals. This is because we appreciate that great 
relationships require investment and patience, in many 
cases over decades.
Lastly, I highlight our robust risk management  
culture, which is one of our most important strengths. 
We have strong processes, deep analytics, empowered 
risk and control functions, and a culture of honesty  
and communication. 
The risks we face run the gamut: some are financial in 
nature, while others are operational, technological, or 
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report 
3 
 

--- Page 6 ---
reputational. We appreciate that risk will change as our 
mix of businesses evolves. Accordingly, we are adapting 
our processes to manage risks old and new. We also 
know that we can never stop questioning, critiquing  
and improving the processes that enable our people to 
deliver excellence to clients around the world.
Our New Operating Approach
Even as we stay true to our core values, change and 
adaption are inevitable, even healthy. Today’s economic 
environment of innovation and disruption requires it. 
Over the course of the past year we have begun engaging 
in a number of cultural and operational shifts to support 
and accelerate our next major growth initiatives. And  
we are making efforts to be more open and accessible,  
both internally and externally. One example is our  
new segment reporting, which more closely aligns to  
how we are now managing our businesses, improves 
transparency, and enables stakeholders to better hold  
us accountable to the execution priorities we have set 
forth. Another example is our first Investor Day, held  
in January 2020.
A centerpiece of our operational shifts aims at simplifying 
touchpoints for our clients. We launched One Goldman 
Sachs on my first day as CEO. This initiative has already 
succeeded in delivering our capabilities more holistically 
to approximately 30 major client relationships. Our  
2020 plans include an expansion of One Goldman Sachs 
to cover approximately 100 clients, deepening these 
relationships and driving stronger returns. 
We are also shifting our operating focus to promote  
more long-term thinking and investing. Goldman Sachs 
has long prided itself on being nimble in the face of 
opportunity. This quality remains valuable, but we have 
embarked on an effort to evolve our culture more in 
favor of incentivizing investments for the future through 
a multi-year planning process. These investments in  
the future require patience and, of course, hard work  
and fortitude.
Our Financial Goals
Our strategy is intended to build a firm capable of 
generating mid-teen or higher returns over the long term, 
meaning five or more years. For the medium term, we 
unveiled a series of three-year financial targets in January 
at our Investor Day (see exhibit below). We operate in a 
cyclical industry, so our targets must be viewed in the 
context of a normalized operating environment. We are 
confident we can achieve them in such an environment.
For our medium-term targets, much of the financial 
impact comes from our focus on expense and funding 
efficiencies, which we believe are largely in our control. 
Our ability to achieve mid-teen returns or higher over a 
horizon of five years or more will come as investments in 
M E D I U M -T E R M   F I N A N C I A L  TA R G E T S
ROE/ROTE
Efficiency Ratio
CET1 Ratio
>13% / >14%
~60%
13-13.5%
4 
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report

--- Page 7 ---
new businesses and technologies — such as Marcus, 
Apple Card and Transaction Banking — mature. Success 
will require diligence and a long-term mindset. But our 
early results have been more than encouraging. 
Our Strategic Direction
There are three pillars to achieving our medium-term 
financial targets, each of which will be examined in 
greater depth below:
•  Growing and strengthening existing businesses, 
including expanding our footprint, to achieve  
higher wallet share 
•  Diversifying products and services and expanding  
our addressable market, for more durable earnings
•  Operating more efficiently, leading to higher margins 
and returns
Grow and Strengthen Our  
Existing Businesses
Our review of existing Goldman Sachs businesses makes 
clear that we are building on an incredible foundation. 
Our market-leading positions include the #1 Investment 
Banking franchise1, with room to expand the number of 
clients we serve and the offerings we provide; a leading 
Global Markets business that can be optimized for higher 
returns; a leading asset manager, with opportunities to 
scale our advisory-led business; and a premier ultra-high 
net worth wealth management business in the U.S. — one 
where we are accelerating growth in Europe and Asia.
Investment Banking  As the #1 investment bank, we  
are the advisor of choice to our clients. But because we are  
not #1 in every industry and geography globally, we can 
improve our relative position by capitalizing on gaps  
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report 
5 
 

--- Page 8 ---
and opportunities. In particular, we are focused on 
expanding our footprint to cover more companies in the 
$500 million-$2 billion enterprise value range. This is  
a segment where, historically speaking, we only cover  
44 percent of public companies in the Americas and 
EMEA — compared to 95 percent of firms over 
$10 billion and 80 percent in the $2-10 billion range.
Global Markets  The marketplace is navigating a 
once-in-a-generation period of significant regulatory  
and technological change. We face this moment  
of disruption and opportunity with the #2 ranked 
institutional client franchise2. We are one of the few 
scaled firms in both FICC and Equities, offering  
clients differentiated risk intermediation, data analytics, 
and a rapidly evolving set of technology platforms.  
Our plan is to drive higher returns by instilling further 
resource discipline and executing on several client 
initiatives to grow our franchise.
Asset Management  Over the course of more than 
three decades, we have built a truly global, broad and 
deep asset management franchise. We have grown 
organic, fee-based active assets faster than competitors 
over the last five years, a testament to the success of  
our diversified advisory model. Our goals over the next 
five years include achieving $250 billion of firmwide 
traditional assets under supervision net inflows. 
Consumer & Wealth Management  We envision 
substantial opportunities to broaden our wealth 
management offering in the years ahead. For one, our 
advice-led ultra-high net worth wealth management 
franchise is poised for significant growth in the EMEA 
and APAC regions, boosted in part by our target of 
increasing advisors globally by roughly 30 percent  
over the next three years. 
6 
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report
Diversifying Our Products and Services, 
Expanding Our Addressable Market
In general, our new business initiatives are designed to 
target more durable revenues, greater capital efficiency, 
and an enhanced funding mix. In our framework for 
evaluating opportunities, we examine whether they 
address a client need, capitalize on one or more of our 
competitive advantages, and are adjacent to one of our 
market-leading businesses. Through this lens, we have 
identified four major opportunities.
Transaction Banking  Corporates’ cash management 
and payment needs often span the globe. Even a small 
share of the massive transaction banking market would 
be accretive. Our transaction banking offering is high-
tech, low-touch, and client-focused — and as a user  
of transaction banking services ourselves, we believe  
it is unique and differentiated versus existing offerings  
in the market. Here, as we roll out offerings over the  
next several months, we see a 5-year-plus opportunity  
for $50 billion in deposit balances and $1 billion in  
net revenues.
Alternatives  In the face of a tremendous secular growth 
opportunity, we have unified our investing platforms  
and leveraged our strong, experienced investment teams 
to mount a significant expansion in our alternatives 
business. At approximately $320 billion in alternative 
assets as of December 31, 2019, we are already a top 5 
player in this space. Partnering with major asset allocators  
and institutions, we see a 5-year opportunity to achieve 
$100 billion in net alternative asset inflows. 
High Net Worth Wealth Management  We plan to 
complement our crown jewel ultra-high net worth wealth 
management franchise with a greatly expanded high  
net worth offering. Our holistic wealth solutions  
through Ayco and Goldman Sachs Personal Financial 
Management, the rebranding of the recently acquired 
United Capital, are the pillars of our expansion. We have 
less than a 1 percent share of this fragmented $18 trillion 

--- Page 9 ---
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report 
7 
 

--- Page 10 ---
market of investable assets in the U.S., and a modest 
increase in market share could drive a meaningful 
increase in revenues for our high net worth wealth 
management franchise. 
Digital Consumer Banking  We are building the digital 
consumer bank of the future. Today we are already 
addressing the spending, borrowing, and savings needs  
of millions of customers, helping them take control of 
their financial lives through an integrated platform. Our 
envisioned 5-year opportunity includes $125 billion in 
deposit balances, $20 billion in loan and card balances, 
and millions of new customers. 
Operating More Efficiently
The third pillar of our strategic direction is to  
achieve greater operational efficiency. Streamlining  
the organization for the best possible client experience  
is a key focus. We have identified ways to deploy our 
people and resources more effectively to deliver  
One Goldman Sachs, with specific initiatives aimed  
at increasing process efficiency. The expected result of  
these efforts is a targeted $1.3 billion in run-rate 
operating expense savings in three years, which will 
create capacity for investment in our growth priorities. 
We are also improving our funding profile, for example 
by diversifying our funding mix through deposits, which  
we expect to result in $1.0 billion in run-rate interest 
expense savings in three years. Additionally, consistent 
with our history of prudent capital management, we  
are looking to optimize our capital footprint, through 
efforts such as reducing our on-balance sheet equity 
investments in alternatives. 
All in, these initiatives to improve the efficiency of  
our business should supplement our growth priorities  
to drive higher margins and firmwide returns.
across our businesses. The reasons are simple: it makes 
sense for our business, and it is the right thing to do. 
Moreover, our clients expect it, and our people demand 
it. I know our shareholders feel similarly, and I am 
convinced we can do better.
While there is more for us to do as a firm, we are proud 
that in 2019 we made some important strides. We hired 
our most diverse incoming analyst class from campuses 
around the world — 49 percent women and 63 percent 
ethnically diverse. And we promoted our most diverse 
class of managing directors ever, with a record 29 percent 
women. We also announced a new practice globally to 
interview two diverse, qualified candidates for each open 
role at the level of vice president and higher, to advance 
diversity more rapidly among our mid- and senior-level 
ranks. Finally, we introduced what is now the industry’s 
leading parental and family leave policy, to help ensure 
that employees can build a family and pursue their 
professional ambitions. I am holding my partners 
accountable to deliver progress in those areas of the  
firm where they have oversight.
At the same time that we are focusing on improving  
the state of our own firm’s diversity and reinforcing an 
inclusive environment, we are also thinking critically 
about our role as a steward of the global capital markets, 
and how we can make meaningful progress on this issue 
through our client interactions.
I recently announced one way for us to do just that. 
Starting this summer, we will only underwrite initial 
public offerings for companies domiciled in Western 
Europe and the U.S. that have at least one diverse board 
member. And come 2021, the figure will rise to two.
We did this, first and foremost, because we believe this  
is the best possible advice we could provide our clients 
looking to go public. In addition, the benefits will be 
long-lasting, and accrue to all of us. 
Diversity and Inclusion as  
Strategic Imperatives
Advancing diversity and inclusion is a personal priority 
of mine, particularly when it comes to leadership roles 
Sustainability
The private sector has traditionally seen sustainability  
as a peripheral issue, narrowly tailored to a company’s 
environmental impact. That kind of thinking no longer 
8 
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report

--- Page 11 ---
S U S TA I N A B L E   F I N A N C E   C O M M I T M E N T
The Path Ahead
$750B
in financing, investing and advisory activity 
to nine areas that focus on climate transition 
and inclusive economic growth by 2030
holds. Today, the concept of sustainability has broadened 
to include not only how a company manages its 
operations but also how it conducts its core business. 
Sustainability is increasingly top of mind for our clients 
and front and center for the next generation of talent. 
That is why for Goldman Sachs, executing a best-in-class 
sustainability strategy is central to our long-term success.
We see a clear commercial rationale to this work, where 
we are able to leverage our leading businesses and global 
relationships to deliver results for shareholders and 
progress for society as a whole. To that end, we have 
announced a 10-year target of $750 billion in financing, 
investing and advisory activity to nine areas that focus  
on climate transition and inclusive economic growth.  
We have created a new team, the Sustainable Finance 
Group, to partner with our businesses in executing on 
this ambitious mandate, delivering sustainable solutions 
consistent with our clients’ long-term objectives. 
Philanthropic capital also remains critical. We are 
focused on ensuring our efforts in this area are aligned 
with and accretive to our overall sustainability objectives. 
Our signature entrepreneurship programs 10,000 Women 
and 10,000 Small Businesses provide access to capital, 
mentorship and community for business owners  
around the world. Milestones in 2019 included 10,000 
Women’s 10th anniversary of operating in China and  
the expansion of 10,000 Small Businesses into Iowa,  
New Hampshire, and Ohio. Graduates of these programs  
take the knowledge they acquire and apply it to their 
businesses — creating jobs and driving growth in the 
communities where they live and work.
The year 2019 was a time to define our strategic plan  
and financial goals. At the turn of the calendar year,  
we had a clear-eyed view of our plan and shared it  
with stakeholders on Investor Day. Its essential elements 
are now in motion. 
The Goldman Sachs of 2020 and beyond will still 
resemble the firm I joined in 1999 in terms of its core 
values, cultural attributes and its key businesses. The 
ethos of this firm is to put capital and ideas to work to 
expand the potential of organizations, accelerate global 
economies, and amplify personal prosperity. We are 
passionate about our role in the world. None of this  
has changed.
But our approach to the world and our mix of businesses 
are both progressing. In my 21 years with the firm, we 
have already seen a significant evolution. This is healthy 
and even vital to our success. 
As we look to the future, we are committed to executing 
upon our long-term strategy, strengthening the market-
leading positions of our core franchises, and investing for 
growth in new businesses and opportunities. As the 
current COVID-19 pandemic reminds us, however, the 
operating environment can shift overnight. This means 
that, regardless of market conditions, our focus must 
always remain on what has sustained Goldman Sachs 
over the last 150 years: our people, our culture, and 
above all, the evolving needs of our clients. In doing so, 
we are well-positioned to compete in the years ahead, 
and to deliver higher, more sustainable returns for our 
shareholders.
David M. Solomon 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer
Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report 
9 
 

--- Page 12 ---
Our Core Values and Business Principles
Our Core Values
We distilled our Business Principles into 4 core values that inform everything we do:
Partnership              Client Service              Integrity              Excellence
Goldman Sachs Business Principles
Our clients’ interests  
always come first. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own  
success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difficult to restore. We 
are dedicated to complying fully with 
the letter and spirit of the laws, rules 
and ethical principles that govern us. 
Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior 
returns to our shareholders. 
Profitability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Significant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety 
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way may 
still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to find a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves 
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured in 
billions of dollars, we select our people 
one by one. In a service business,  
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and 
we have yet to find the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able 
to assume. For us to be successful, our 
people must reflect the diversity of  
the communities and cultures in which 
we operate. That means we must 
attract, retain and motivate people from 
many backgrounds and perspectives. 
Being diverse is not optional; it is what 
we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put their 
personal interests ahead of the interests 
of the firm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the firm and the intense effort  
they give their jobs are greater  
than one finds in most other 
organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our clients 
could contemplate, yet small enough to 
maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and 
the esprit de corps that we all treasure 
and that contribute greatly to our 
success.
We constantly strive to anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services 
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of finance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a confidence or to use 
confidential information improperly or 
carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to expand 
our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other firms.
Integrity and honesty are  
at the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they do, 
both in their work for the firm and in 
their personal lives.
Notes about the Letter to Shareholders
Forward-Looking Statements 
This letter contains forward-looking statements, including statements about our financial 
targets, business initiatives, and operating and interest expense savings. You should read  
the cautionary notes on forward-looking statements in our Form 10-K for the period ended 
December 31, 2019. 
Footnotes 
1   Based on cumulative, publicly disclosed investment banking fees since 2015.
2   Coalition institutional client analytics for FY2018. Institutional clients only.  
Analysis excludes captive and non-core products.
10  Goldman Sachs 2019 Annual Report

--- Page 13 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street
New York, N.Y.
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading
Symbol
Exchange
on which
registered
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
GS PrA NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
GS PrC NYSE
GS PrD NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J GS PrJ NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K GS PrK NYSE
GS PrN NYSE
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series N
GS/43PE NYSE
5.793% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II
Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III
GS/43PF NYSE
Medium-Term Notes, Series A, Index-Linked Notes due 2037 of GS Finance Corp.
Medium-Term Notes, Series B, Index-Linked Notes due 2037
Medium-Term Notes, Series E, Index-Linked Notes due 2028 of GS Finance Corp.
GCE NYSE Arca
GSC NYSE Arca
FRLG NYSE Arca
GS
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
Smaller reporting company ‘
Emerging growth company ‘
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ‘ Yes È No
As of June 30, 2019, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $73.4 billion.
As of February 7, 2020, there were 345,672,769 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are
incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
