
--- Page 2 ---
The Goldman Sachs Business Principles
We constantly strive to anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services 
to meet those needs.
We know that the world of fi nance will 
not stand still and that complacency 
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confi dential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships.
To breach a confi dence or to use 
confi dential information improperly or 
carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to expand 
our client relationships.
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other fi rms.
Integrity and honesty are 
at the heart of our business.
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they do, 
both in their work for the fi rm and in 
their personal lives.
Our clients’ interests 
always come fi rst.
Our experience shows that if we 
serve our clients well, our own 
success will follow.
Our assets are our people, 
capital and reputation.
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most diffi cult to restore. We 
are dedicated to complying fully with 
the letter and spirit of the laws, rules 
and ethical principles that govern us. 
Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior 
returns to our shareholders.
Profi tability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Signifi cant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work.
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence 
in everything we undertake. Though 
we may be involved in a wide variety 
and heavy volume of activity, we 
would, if it came to a choice, rather 
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and 
imagination in everything we do.
While recognizing that the old way may 
still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to fi nd a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves 
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to 
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job.
Although our activities are measured in 
billions of dollars, we select our people 
one by one. In a service business, 
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best fi rm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places.
Advancement depends on merit and 
we have yet to fi nd the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able 
to assume. For us to be successful, 
our men and women must refl ect the 
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means 
we must attract, retain and motivate 
people from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is 
not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork 
in everything we do.
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put their 
personal interests ahead of the interests 
of the fi rm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to 
the fi rm and the intense effort 
they give their jobs are greater 
than one fi nds in most other 
organizations.
We think that this is an important 
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset 
that we try hard to preserve.
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our clients 
could contemplate, yet small enough to 
maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and the 
esprit de corps that we all treasure and 
that contribute greatly to our success.

--- Page 3 ---
Fellow Shareholders:
A s many of you know first hand, 2015 was a tale of two 
halves: the first half of the year featured a strong operating 
environment, but headwinds emerged, particularly during the 
second half, and these headwinds persisted into early 2016.
The first two quarters of 2015 were marked by heightened demand from our 
corporate clients for strategic advice and financings, strong client activity across 
our Equities franchise and growing demand from our Investment Management 
clients for our products and services. These factors culminated in record first-half 
results in Investment Banking and Investment Management, as well as the best 
first-half performance for Equities in six years.
As the year progressed, increasing concerns about China, 
the first rate hike from the U.S. Federal Reserve in nearly 
a decade, slowing global growth and falling commodity 
prices — especially in oil — began to emerge. We faced 
these headwinds, and lower client activity across many  
of our businesses suggested that our clients and peers  
also faced their share of challenges.
In addition to the impact of the operating environment, 
our 2015 financial performance was negatively affected 
by the resolution of our most significant outstanding legal 
exposure relating to our securitization, underwriting and 
sale of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) 
from 2005 to 2007. In January 2016, we announced an 
agreement in principle with the RMBS Working Group,* 
under which we will pay a $2.39 billion civil monetary 
penalty, make $875 million in cash payments and provide 
$1.80 billion in consumer relief.
Despite these factors, our strong and diversified client 
franchise allowed us to produce relatively stable net 
revenues in 2015. The firm generated net revenues of 
$33.82 billion, marking our fourth consecutive year of 
roughly $34 billion in net revenues. Net earnings were 
$6.08 billion and diluted earnings per common share 
were $12.14. Return on average common shareholders’ 
equity (ROE) was 7.4 percent for 2015, which would 
have been 3.8 percentage points higher excluding the 
provisions we recorded during the year related to the 
RMBS Working Group settlement.
*  On January 14, 2016, the firm announced an agreement in principle, subject to the negotiation of definitive documentation, to resolve the ongoing investigation of the Residential Mortgage-Backed 
Securities Working Group of the U.S. Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force (RMBS Working Group). The agreement in principle will resolve actual and potential civil claims by the U.S. Department of 
Justice, the New York and Illinois Attorneys General, the National Credit Union Administration (as conservator for several failed credit unions) and the Federal Home Loan Banks of Chicago and Seattle, 
relating to the firm’s securitization, underwriting and sale of residential mortgage-backed securities from 2005 to 2007. For additional information, see the firm’s Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2016.
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report 
1 
 

--- Page 4 ---
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer 
(right)
Gary D. Cohn 
President and  
Chief Operating Officer 
(left)
In this year’s letter to our shareholders, we cover a  
wide array of topics, including an overview of our 
financial profile, a review of our strong and diverse  
client franchise, as well as our thoughts on the forward 
outlook, particularly how we are thinking about 
navigating these uncertain times.
Financial Profile
As we manage our financial profile, our strategy is 
predicated on carefully delineating between structural 
and cyclical factors affecting our businesses. Accordingly, 
in 2015, we continued to adjust our franchise to address 
structural changes in the regulatory environment, and  
we will continue to do so as needed. From a cyclical 
perspective, it certainly feels like the cycle has been 
prolonged, particularly as interest rates in many parts  
of the world remain at — or even below — zero, and 
growth and deflation concerns, among other worries, 
have persisted.
It is important to remember that cycles do turn, even if 
the timing of such inflections may be difficult to predict. 
As we look to deliver value to our shareholders over the 
long term, our focus continues to be on managing to 
both the structural and cyclical forces we see at play, 
while remaining flexible enough to capture future 
growth opportunities.
Our efforts in this regard have yielded solid results. Over 
the past four years, we have diversified our franchise 
while holding net revenues steady. We have increased our 
capital and liquidity, decreased our risk, and have stayed 
focused on efficiently and prudently managing our 
resources — all while helping our clients to execute their 
long-term goals and strategic objectives. Over the same 
four-year period, we returned approximately $25 billion 
in capital to our shareholders, increased dividends per 
common share by 44 percent and reduced our basic  
share count by 14 percent.
In response to structural changes resulting from new 
regulations, since the end of 2007, we have reduced  
our balance sheet by approximately one-quarter, while 
nearly doubling common shareholders’ equity — cutting 
gross leverage by more than 60 percent — and tripling 
our liquidity position to almost $200 billion. These 
measures have strengthened our long-term financial 
safety and soundness.
2 
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report

--- Page 5 ---
Also as a result of structural changes, we have embraced 
opportunities to sell businesses and investments that were 
not core to our client franchise and were no longer the 
best use of shareholder capital relative to the returns.  
The loss in net revenues due to these sales has been offset 
by growth in our Investment Banking and Investment 
Management businesses. Last year, these two businesses 
accounted for 39 percent of our net revenues, compared 
to only 30 percent in 2012. Investment Banking was 
approximately one-half the size of Fixed Income, 
Currency and Commodities Client Execution (FICC) four 
years ago; today, our business mix is more balanced.
This does not mean we are moving away from FICC. 
Rather, we remain committed to meeting the needs of  
our clients, while managing to structural and cyclical 
headwinds. For example, we have reduced risk-weighted 
assets within FICC significantly over the past four years, 
largely in response to structural changes resulting from 
new regulations.
On the cost side, we have continued to find ways to 
improve our operating efficiency. Headcount across  
the firm is up 11 percent over the last four years, largely 
to meet regulatory compliance needs. However, through 
a combination of shifting to a greater percentage of 
junior employees and relocating some of our footprint  
to lower-cost locations, we have managed our  
expenses well.
More specifically, we have increased the number of 
analysts, associates and vice presidents at the firm by  
17 percent since the beginning of 2012, while our partner 
and managing director populations have decreased by 
two percent. Approximately 25 percent of our total staff 
is now in lower-cost locations such as Salt Lake City, 
Dallas, Irving, Warsaw, Singapore and Bengaluru. As  
a result, while total staff levels are up over the four-year 
period, overall compensation and benefits expenses  
have declined by approximately $270 million.
Looking ahead, we will continue to pursue ways to be 
more cost effective by assessing our expense structure 
while ensuring we meet the needs of our clients. Whether 
we are adjusting to structural or cyclical dynamics, we 
will carefully balance our expense management efforts 
against our ability to capture future market share and 
growth opportunities.
Investment Banking
Our leading Investment Banking franchise allowed us to 
capture significant market share in 2015. The business 
achieved its second-highest net revenues in 2015, driven 
by a strong environment for mergers and acquisitions 
(M&A). Industry-wide volumes for announced M&A 
transactions increased by more than 45 percent in 2015, 
while the firm’s volumes increased by approximately  
80 percent. We ended the year ranked first in global 
announced and completed M&A, with completed  
M&A volumes that were more than $350 billion higher 
than our next-closest competitor — a record gap since 
the firm went public.
By most measures, 2015 was a robust year for  
M&A. However, volumes as a percentage of market 
capitalization are still below prior-cycle peak levels.  
We see this as a sign that there is still some room to run 
for M&A activity, particularly when equity markets 
show signs of sustained stabilization. We also see 
consolidation opportunities in sectors such as industrials, 
energy, mining, food, media and telecommunications.
While total underwriting revenues declined in 2015,  
we performed relatively well in the context of softer 
equity and debt markets in the second half of the year. 
We finished 2015 ranked first in global equity and 
equity-related and common stock offerings. Similar to  
the dynamics we see in the M&A market, we believe 
there may be pent-up demand among our corporate 
clients to tap into public equity markets when conditions 
improve, particularly given that private financing 
conditions have generally tightened. A decline in debt 
underwriting net revenues in 2015 was largely due to  
a drop in leveraged finance activity.
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report 
3 
 

--- Page 6 ---
Institutional Client Services
Investing & Lending
In the wake of balance sheet restructurings in the  
U.S. and elsewhere, we remain one of the few financial 
institutions with leading global franchises in both FICC 
and Equities. We view this as critical to the long-term 
success of our Institutional Client Services business.  
We expect our ability to offer our clients a broad suite  
of services to be a key competitive advantage in the 
years ahead.
Over the course of 2015, within FICC, lower levels  
of client activity in credit and mortgage products were 
partly offset by stronger client activity and a more 
favorable backdrop for macro products, particularly  
in interest rates and currencies.
Equities benefitted from a better market environment, 
posting solid results for the year. Clients continued to 
place significant value on the integration of our various 
services across Equities — electronic, cash, derivatives 
and prime brokerage — as well as our global footprint, 
all of which was reflected in our performance in 
these areas.
Moving forward, addressing structural changes in our 
Institutional Client Services businesses, such as risk- 
based capital rules, will remain a central focus for our 
management team. At the same time, we will look for 
ways to advance our franchise in the evolving landscape. 
Competitor retrenchments in the wake of structural 
developments should provide an opportunity for us to 
capture market share over the longer term.
As it pertains to cyclical trends in Institutional Client 
Services, we continue to carefully scale our business 
relative to the environment, but have also chosen to 
remain targeted in our efforts. Our business is highly 
correlated to economic growth, and when a better 
opportunity set eventually presents itself — and it  
will — our strong, deep and broad client franchise  
should position us well to respond.
Our Investing & Lending business enhances and expands 
our client relationships. It creates synergies for our 
broader client franchise because it enables us to extend 
credit or to invest alongside our clients. From a broader 
perspective, by participating in Investing & Lending in  
a disciplined manner, we engage in the capital allocation 
process, which allows corporates and individuals to put 
capital to work to generate broader economic growth.
Over the past several years, the composition of Investing 
& Lending has changed significantly. Since the beginning 
of 2012, we have seen lending increase threefold, 
primarily to private wealth management and corporate 
clients. Our corporate loan portfolio is well diversified, 
with no one sector representing more than one-quarter  
of the portfolio. Our private equity portfolio similarly 
reflects the diversity of our global client franchise, 
comprising more than 800 different investments globally 
across a broad spectrum of industries. In some cases, we 
invest in private companies alongside our clients. In other 
cases, we invest in public equity or in real estate, or we 
deploy capital to seed new funds.
While the nature of our investing may change over time 
due to regulatory changes, and net revenues can fluctuate 
from quarter to quarter based on price movements, we 
evaluate the performance of our Investing & Lending 
portfolio over many years. On that basis, these activities 
have been strong contributors to returns over the last 
four years.
Investment Management
Our Investment Management business is one of only  
a few such franchises globally that can meet the needs  
of a broad spectrum of clients across many products and 
regions. We serve investors of all types, including retirees 
in need of mutual funds, entrepreneurs who have sold 
their companies and pension fund managers who need 
help with asset allocation. With this in mind, we built 
4 
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report

--- Page 7 ---
our business to be global, broad and deep, and to focus 
on delivering consistent returns over time. We believe 
that our emphasis on providing the best possible advice, 
products and services will help us outperform the 
industry over time.
Executing on this strategy, we have experienced 
significant growth in our business over the past several 
years. We ended 2015 with a record $1.25 trillion in 
assets under supervision, up from $895 billion at the 
start of 2012. This growth has been the direct result  
of robust net inflows, driven in part from market share 
gains, as clients place increasing value on asset managers 
like us that offer a broad array of products and services. 
In 2015, our $53 billion in organic, long-term net inflows 
outperformed our largest active management peers. 
In some areas of asset management, we are still small 
relative to the market leader. As we look ahead, this 
means we see opportunity to grow substantially — both 
by continuing to gain market share in our incumbent 
businesses and by expanding into new ones.
Our growth in assets under supervision has also come 
from new products and several strategic acquisitions.  
We have launched a handful of new products that  
have added more than $50 billion to our assets under 
supervision over the past four years. Our Active Beta, 
Unconstrained Fixed Income and Income Oriented 
Strategies funds, for example, offer our clients compelling 
new opportunities.
What’s more, eight acquisitions since the beginning  
of 2012 have driven more than $70 billion in inflows.  
These acquisitions have added important new capabilities, 
filled gaps in our asset management offering and added 
scale to our current business. For example, in 2015,  
we acquired Imprint Capital Advisors, a dedicated 
environmental, social and governance investment 
advisor, strengthening our ability to help our clients 
address these considerations in their portfolios.  
Looking to build upon these efforts, we will continue  
to evaluate targeted strategic acquisition opportunities  
as they arise.
Impact Investing
Our firm is committed to fostering meaningful change  
in the global economy, and in the communities in which 
we live and work, both through our core businesses, and 
by engaging in other activities that leverage our expertise 
to promote economic progress. This means, among other 
things, helping new enterprises succeed and grow by 
investing in entrepreneurs, and helping to finance 
different types of projects across the globe, such as those 
that can improve living standards within traditionally 
underserved communities. It also means being mindful  
of the environment’s importance, not only to society as  
a whole, but also to economic growth, and driving that 
core belief through our work with our clients and within 
the management of our own operations.
Urban Investment Group
We have a long history of innovative impact investing 
through our Urban Investment Group (UIG). Since  
2001, UIG has committed more than $4.9 billion to 
underserved U.S. communities, facilitating the creation 
and preservation of over 20,000 housing units — the 
majority of which are affordable for low- to middle- 
income families — as well as more than 1.9 million 
square feet of community space and over 6 million 
square feet of commercial, retail and industrial facilities. 
We work with local stakeholders from the nonprofit, 
for-profit and public sectors, focusing on community  
and economic development. We have also been a pioneer 
in the creation of “social impact bonds,” which are 
financial instruments that leverage private investments  
to support high-impact social programs. In fact, we  
were involved in four of the eight social impact bond 
financings that have been launched in the U.S.
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report 
5 
 

--- Page 8 ---
Environmental Impact
We were among the first global financial institutions  
to acknowledge the scale and urgency of the challenges 
posed by climate change when we established our 
Environmental Policy Framework in 2005. A decade 
later, we have continued to build on our commitment  
to environmental stewardship, making it a part of our 
core mission to deploy financial solutions and drive 
market opportunities that help to address climate change. 
Specifically, to facilitate the transition to a low-carbon 
economy, last year we updated our Environmental Policy 
Framework to include an increased target of $150 billion 
in clean energy financings and investments by 2025, up 
from an earlier target of $40 billion. Finally, we continue 
to be mindful of our own operational impact on the 
environment, pledging to be carbon neutral from  
2015 onwards and to target 100 percent renewable 
power to meet our global electricity needs by 2020.
10,000 Women
Since its launch, this initiative has provided more  
than 10,000 women from across 56 countries — 
including Afghanistan, Egypt, Rwanda, Brazil, India  
and China — with business and management education, 
mentoring and networking, and access to capital. After 
completing the program, nearly 70 percent of surveyed 
graduates have increased their revenue, 60 percent have 
added new jobs and most have doubled the size of their 
workforces. What’s also encouraging is the “multiplier 
effect”: 90 percent of our graduates have “paid it 
forward” by mentoring and teaching business skills  
to other women in their communities.
In 2014, The Goldman Sachs Foundation and 
International Finance Corporation, a member of the 
World Bank Group, launched the first-ever global finance 
facility dedicated exclusively to women-owned small-  
and medium-sized enterprises. To date, the facility has 
made more than $400 million in commitments to banks 
in 14 countries, enabling women from Kenya to China  
to Laos to access capital and grow their businesses. In 
2015, President Obama announced a $100 million 
commitment by the Overseas Private Investment 
Corporation, demonstrating how the facility is catalyzing 
new investments from both the public and private sectors  
in women-owned enterprises globally.
10,000 Small Businesses
Designed to help small businesses grow and create jobs 
by providing entrepreneurs with a practical business 
education and access to capital, 10,000 Small Businesses 
has served more than 6,000 small business owners at  
30 sites across the U.S. and the U.K. This includes our 
commitment of more than $180 million to 28 capital 
partners that have lent over $120 million to date, 
resulting in more than 750 loans to small businesses.  
The program has maintained a 99 percent graduation 
rate, with more than 75 percent of surveyed participants 
increasing their revenues, and nearly 60 percent 
generating new jobs within 18 months of graduation.
Focus on Technology
Technology underpins everything we do. In fact, 
approximately one quarter of our total staff works in 
technology, which demonstrates just how critical it has 
become to our strategy in several ways.
First and foremost, technology enhances the overall 
experience and quality of service we are able to  
provide to our clients. It allows us to execute transactions 
more quickly and seamlessly, to provide better market 
analytics, data and other information, and to 
communicate faster and more efficiently.
Second, technology helps us to operate more efficiently  
as a firm. For example, relying more on open source and 
cloud strategies has helped us reduce vendor expenses  
for our workplace application infrastructure products 
and market data sources.
Third, technology helps us meet new regulatory 
requirements, such as Dodd-Frank implementation and 
Basel III provisions. We have hired more technology  
6 
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report

--- Page 9 ---
staff to build and adapt software and to automate such 
processes, which would have otherwise been highly 
manual and substantially more time intensive. Once  
we have fully embedded technology solutions for our 
regulatory needs, we should be able to reduce or redirect 
resources to support other areas of our firm.
Finally, the technology we create or develop inside of 
Goldman Sachs can be a stand-alone product. We have  
a successful track record in this regard, with Tradeweb, 
DirectEdge and Markit as examples of platforms we 
developed or participated in creating, and then monetized. 
Today, new platforms such as Symphony and Marquee 
are helping our clients communicate, manage risk and 
better analyze their investments. Symphony is an 
independent company built around core technology 
developed and contributed by Goldman Sachs. For 
Marquee, we built a common application development 
platform, allowing our businesses to create sophisticated 
tools that deliver cutting-edge capabilities to our 
institutional investing clients.
Our People
In a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry  
like ours, technology is clearly a critical differentiator.  
Yet the quality of our talent remains a vital competitive 
advantage for us — if not the vital competitive advantage 
we maintain.
Ours is a business of relationships. This is the case  
not only in our work with clients, but also here within 
the firm. To that end, Goldman Sachs goes to great 
lengths to employ the best people with a wide range  
of experience and backgrounds. In 2015, we extended  
offers to 4 percent of applicants for open positions,  
and more than 80 percent of those offered roles chose  
to join the firm.
As we compete for talent not only with other financial 
firms, but also across other industries, particularly in 
technology, we strive to remain a place where top talent 
aspires to work. We believe our time-tested culture of 
client service, teamwork and excellence sets us  
apart in this regard, and we find that people come  
to Goldman Sachs because the nature of our work is 
fundamentally consequential to the world around them. 
By helping to allocate capital, manage risk and provide 
products, services and advice to a broad array of clients, 
Goldman Sachs plays a vital role in the economy  
across industries and regions, something that is 
inherently appealing to people who want to affect 
positive outcomes.
With this in mind, we are proud that we were once  
again recognized as an employer of choice across  
a wide variety of metrics on Fortune magazine’s  
“100 Best Companies to Work For” and “Most  
Admired Companies.” We were also pleased to again  
be named as one of Working Mother magazine’s  
“100 Best Companies” and “Best Companies for 
Multicultural Women.”
Attracting and retaining the highest-caliber talent also 
means that we must invest in our people early on in  
their careers — the best of whom will become the next 
generation of leadership at the firm. Building off the 
learnings of our biennial People Survey, last year we 
unveiled a set of new initiatives designed to support 
junior employees, giving them more flexibility and 
greater exposure to our client franchise. In 2015, we  
also selected our newest class of managing directors.  
In addition to hailing from more than 40 countries,  
40 percent of the class of 2015 started at the firm as 
analysts, a testament to our emphasis on talent 
development and retention for the long haul.
Looking Ahead
As we look ahead, the question that is top of mind not 
only to our clients, but also to Goldman Sachs, is: how 
do we think about navigating these uncertain times?
Since the second half of 2015, concerns about global 
economic growth, investor sentiment, and regulatory  
and monetary policy — in tandem with other 
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report 
7 
 

--- Page 10 ---
see room for continued fiscal policy expansion in  
some economies, and options for monetary policy if 
meaningful growth proves elusive.
We can’t forecast every outcome, and we expect the 
near-term environment to prove challenging. This is  
why we focus on issues such as tight cost controls, and 
consistently assess our own strategic areas of focus.  
Yet we find ourselves generally optimistic about the 
longer term. By staying true to our strategic focus, while 
adapting quickly to structural and cyclical factors, and 
maintaining our focus on meeting the needs of new and 
existing clients, we strive to continue to deliver on our 
long history of providing our shareholders with best- 
in-class returns.
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary D. Cohn 
President and Chief Operating Officer
macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics — have  
made for pervasive uncertainty. Slowing growth in China, 
a presidential election in the U.S., a referendum in the 
U.K. about its future in the European Union, volatility  
in the markets and regions consumed by conflict, to name  
a few, are examples of issues that are naturally generating 
unease. Other fundamental questions being raised — 
from whether technology is permanently displacing jobs 
to whether monetary policy has reached its limits in 
affecting economic outcomes — have gone from esoteric 
to mainstream.
At Goldman Sachs, we grapple with these questions day 
in and day out. As managers of risk, we do our best to 
understand them, and to prepare our clients and our  
firm for even low-probability but highly consequential 
scenarios. This is why we worry about deflationary 
pressures, or liquidity problems in financial markets as  
a result of new regulations, or how China will manage  
its transition from an infrastructure-driven to a 
consumer-driven economy. It’s why we keep a close eye 
on emerging markets, particularly those that lack 
diversification and are heavily exposed to commodity 
exports, where a prolonged supply overhang could  
negatively affect prices for some time to come.
When our clients confront these or other challenges,  
we use our institutional resources to help them navigate 
the choppy waters, and we regularly consider how these 
scenarios and other tail-risk events could directly affect 
our firm.
While we must consistently try to “see around corners” 
to anticipate problems, we also see plenty of reasons  
for optimism. We see the U.S. nearing full employment,  
signs of modest inflation and some stabilization in equity  
and commodity markets. We don’t see how a world  
of zero or negative interest rates could possibly be the  
“new normal.” Moreover, we view China’s slower rate  
of economic growth as still substantial, particularly given 
that it is now the world’s second-largest economy. We  
8 
Goldman Sachs 2015 Annual Report

--- Page 11 ---
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015
Commission File Number: 001-14965
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
200 West Street
New York, N.Y.
(Address of principal executive offices)
13-4019460
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
10282
(Zip Code)
(212) 902-1000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class:
Name of each exchange on which registered:
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.20%
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 5.50%
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series J
Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375%
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K
See Exhibit 99.2 for debt and trust securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.
‘ Yes È No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
È Yes ‘ No
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of the Annual
Report on Form 10-K or any amendment to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer È
Accelerated filer ‘
Non-accelerated filer ‘
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Smaller reporting company ‘
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ‘ Yes È No
As of June 30, 2015, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
approximately $88.6 billion.
As of February 5, 2016, there were 422,349,543 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders are incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
