
--- Page 2 ---
The Goldman Sachs Business Principles
We constantly strive to anticipate 
the rapidly changing needs of our 
clients and to develop new services 
to meet those needs. 
We know that the world of finance will 
not stand still and that complacency  
can lead to extinction.
We regularly receive confidential 
information as part of our normal 
client relationships. 
To breach a confidence or to use 
confidential information improperly or 
carelessly would be unthinkable.
Our business is highly competitive, 
and we aggressively seek to expand 
our client relationships. 
However, we must always be fair 
competitors and must never denigrate 
other firms.
Integrity and honesty are  
at the heart of our business. 
We expect our people to maintain high 
ethical standards in everything they do, 
both in their work for the firm and in 
their personal lives.
Our clients’ interests  
always come first. 
Our experience shows that if we  
serve our clients well, our own  
success will follow.
Our assets are our people,  
capital and reputation. 
If any of these is ever diminished, the 
last is the most difficult to restore. We 
are dedicated to complying fully with 
the letter and spirit of the laws, rules 
and ethical principles that govern us. 
Our continued success depends upon 
unswerving adherence to this standard.
Our goal is to provide superior 
returns to our shareholders. 
Profitability is critical to achieving 
superior returns, building our capital, 
and attracting and keeping our best 
people. Significant employee stock 
ownership aligns the interests of our 
employees and our shareholders.
We take great pride in the 
professional quality of our work. 
We have an uncompromising 
determination to achieve excellence  
in everything we undertake. Though  
we may be involved in a wide variety 
and heavy volume of activity, we  
would, if it came to a choice, rather  
be best than biggest.
We stress creativity and  
imagination in everything we do. 
While recognizing that the old way may 
still be the best way, we constantly 
strive to find a better solution to a 
client’s problems. We pride ourselves 
on having pioneered many of the 
practices and techniques that have 
become standard in the industry.
We make an unusual effort to  
identify and recruit the very best 
person for every job. 
Although our activities are measured in 
billions of dollars, we select our people 
one by one. In a service business,  
we know that without the best people, 
we cannot be the best firm.
We offer our people the opportunity 
to move ahead more rapidly than is 
possible at most other places. 
Advancement depends on merit and 
we have yet to find the limits to the 
responsibility our best people are able 
to assume. For us to be successful, 
our men and women must reflect the 
diversity of the communities and cultures 
in which we operate. That means 
we must attract, retain and motivate 
people from many backgrounds and 
perspectives. Being diverse is  
not optional; it is what we must be.
We stress teamwork  
in everything we do. 
While individual creativity is always 
encouraged, we have found that team 
effort often produces the best results. 
We have no room for those who put their 
personal interests ahead of the interests 
of the firm and its clients.
The dedication of our people to  
the firm and the intense effort  
they give their jobs are greater  
than one finds in most other 
organizations. 
We think that this is an important  
part of our success.
We consider our size an asset  
that we try hard to preserve. 
We want to be big enough to undertake 
the largest project that any of our clients 
could contemplate, yet small enough to 
maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and the 
esprit de corps that we all treasure and 
that contribute greatly to our success.

--- Page 3 ---
Fellow Shareholders:
This past year for the global economy may be best described 
as one of incremental, but noticeable improvement. In the 
United States, the economic recovery ﬁnally began to take 
hold with continued underlying economic growth and slowly 
accelerating gains in the labor market. In Europe, while 
conditions remained broadly difﬁcult, we began to see nascent 
growth and, in certain countries, such as the United Kingdom, 
a more advanced recovery.
Fears of a sharp slowdown in China receded somewhat  
and the country’s new leadership signaled a more assertive 
posture on economic and ﬁnancial reform. In Japan, aggressive 
ﬁscal and monetary policies spurred a reinvigorated economic 
and ﬁnancial environment.
At the same time, political impasse in the United States for 
much of the year and uncertainty over central bank policy 
both highlighted and, to some extent, contributed to the 
fragility of the economic recovery. As a result, many of our 
clients remained cautious, which hindered a broad-based 
resumption of their business activities.
Amidst these shifting factors, we are pleased to report  
that Goldman Sachs performed relatively well, generating  
solid results for the year. This was the by-product of our 
commitment to a core set of businesses and actions we  
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 
(right)
Gary D. Cohn 
President and  
Chief Operating Ofﬁcer 
(left)
In front of Julie Mehretu’s 
MURAL at 200 West Street
have taken over the last several years in three important 
areas: strengthening our balance sheet, allocating capital 
efﬁciently across our businesses and managing our 
costs prudently.
For 2013, the ﬁrm produced net revenues of $34.2 billion  
and net earnings of $8.0 billion, an eight percent increase 
from $7.5 billion of net earnings in 2012. Diluted earnings per 
common share were $15.46 compared with $14.13 for 2012. 
Our return on average common shareholders’ equity (ROE) 
was 11.0 percent. Book value per common share increased by 
approximately ﬁve percent during 2013 and has grown from 
$20.94 at the end of our ﬁrst year as a public company in 1999 
to $152.48, a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 
15 percent over this period. Our capital management in 2013 
reﬂected a prudent approach as our capital ratios continued  
to improve despite returning $7.2 billion to common 
shareholders through share buybacks and dividends.
In this year’s letter, we would like to review the signiﬁcant 
steps we have taken in recent years to adapt and respond to 
the post-ﬁnancial crisis world, and, building on those efforts, 
our priorities for enhancing returns to our shareholders going 
forward. In that vein, we also will discuss our competitive 
position across our major businesses. Lastly, we want to 
share with you some of the initiatives we undertook related 
to our people, culture and business standards and practices.
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
1

--- Page 4 ---
Letter to Shareholders
Adapting and Positioning the Firm
The past year marked the ﬁve-year anniversary of the global ﬁnancial crisis.  
Later in the letter, we will discuss the impact of the changes we have made  
from the extensive review of our business standards and practices. Importantly, 
this is also an opportune time to highlight the signiﬁcant actions the ﬁrm has  
taken over the last ﬁve years related to our capital, liquidity and overall ﬁnancial 
proﬁle to adapt to the realities of the operating and, more speciﬁcally, regulatory 
environment. Some of those actions are represented to the right.
We have focused not only on strengthening our balance sheet, but also on ensuring 
that we are allocating capital efﬁciently both to meet the needs of our clients and 
to generate stronger returns going forward.
New regulation is pushing the industry to be even more sensitive to risk-adjusted 
returns, whether through higher capital requirements or the application of stress 
tests. Over time, this may translate into greater pricing discipline across the entire 
industry, which we view as a positive development.
Well in advance of any regulations being ﬁnalized, we have been focused on 
developing and implementing tools to help us better price the provision of liquidity 
to the marketplace, and better manage our capital usage. In that regard, at the 
conclusion of 2013, our estimated transitional Basel III Advanced Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio was in excess of 11 percent.
Another important capital management effort that we have undertaken is reﬁning 
our business mix in light of new capital requirements. Certain businesses, like the 
Americas reinsurance and European insurance businesses, no longer generated 
attractive returns under a Basel III framework and, as a result, we opted to sell  
a majority stake in them.
Even with investments, such as the longstanding one that Goldman Sachs had in 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (ICBC), which was both strategic 
and ﬁnancial, we elected to make adjustments given the new capital requirements. 
Collectively, ICBC and our insurance businesses used approximately 125 basis 
points of the Basel III Advanced Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and consumed  
$40 billion of balance sheet.
Shareholder Returns
As a ﬁrm, we have a long track record of delivering superior returns to our 
shareholders over the cycle. We demonstrated this before the ﬁnancial crisis, during 
it and after. If you look at our average ROE since the onset of the ﬁnancial crisis  
in 2007, we have outperformed each of our U.S. competitors, having produced an 
average ROE during this period of more than four times the peer average.
Nevertheless, while we have generated solid returns in the last ﬁve years, they 
fall below our aspirations. We are committed to improving them notwithstanding 
2
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
While these are three larger, public examples, we continue to make risk-adjusted 
return decisions across the ﬁrm every day.
GCE/Assets
Shareholders’ Equity 
(in billions)
Our shareholders’ equity has grown from  
nearly $43 billion at the end of 2007 to more 
than $78 billion at the end of 2013, an 
increase of 83 percent.
$78
2013
$78
$43
2007
$43
Gross Leverage
26.2x
Our leverage ratio has fallen by more than 
one-half from 26 times at the end of 2007 to 
less than 12 times at the end of 2013. 
2007
$43
$78
11.6x
2013
2007
26.2x
2007
$43
$96
26.2x
2007
2007
Level 3 Assets 
(in billions)
26.2x
1Q08
$96
2007
2013
$78
2013
11.6x
2013
2013
$40
11.6x
2013
2013
We have reduced our holdings of level 3, or 
illiquid, assets by nearly 60 percent since the 
ﬁrst quarter of 2008 to $40 billion.
20.2%
11.6x
$40
$96
2007
1Q08
5.1%
2013
2013
$40
2007
$96
1Q08
2013
20.2%
2013
$40
5.1%
2007
20.2%
2013
5.1%
2007
2013
20.2%
2013
2013
2007
1Q08
Our excess liquidity pool (Global Core Excess), 
as a percentage of our total assets, has 
grown from more than 5 percent at the end 
of 2007 to more than 20 percent in 2013.
5.1%

--- Page 5 ---
the challenges presented in the current environment. At the 
same time, we want to protect our ability to provide signiﬁcant 
upside to shareholders as the economic cycle turns.
By focusing on revenues, expenses and capital efﬁciency,  
we are building near-term beneﬁts, but also driving material 
operating leverage into our business.
Our performance over the last few years is an important 
example of the ﬁrm’s ability to proactively manage a cyclical 
business and to capitalize on creating operating leverage  
in our business model. In 2011, we announced an initial  
$1.2 billion expense savings initiative, the size of which was 
subsequently increased twice, ultimately reaching a run-rate 
of $1.9 billion. In 2012, a 19 percent increase in net revenues 
translated into an 82 percent increase in pre-tax earnings and 
a ROE expansion to 10.7 percent. In 2013, despite essentially 
unchanged net revenues, our continued focus on expenses 
enabled us to grow pre-tax earnings by ﬁve percent and 
expand ROE to 11.0 percent. Longer term, we expect that  
a more robust environment will enable us to deliver even 
more operating leverage to our shareholders.
With respect to capital management, our strong capital 
generation and balance sheet management have allowed us to 
grow our Basel III ratio while returning capital to shareholders. 
Since year-end 2010, we have repurchased approximately 
$17 billion of our shares, and reduced our basic share count 
by approximately 80 million shares or 15 percent, while our 
U.S. peers, taken together, actually showed an average 
increase in share count. Our approach drives shareholder 
value through both higher returns and growth in earnings  
per common share.
Controlling Costs
In addition to effective capital management, we are acutely 
focused on expense management as a lever for driving 
incremental shareholder returns. From 2009 through 2013, 
our average compensation and beneﬁts expense to net 
revenues ratio was approximately 880 basis points lower  
than the average ratio from 2000 to 2007.
Compensation and beneﬁts is our largest expense and we 
remain committed to paying for performance. In lower net 
revenue years, like 2008 and 2011, we demonstrated 
signiﬁcant ﬂexibility in our compensation and beneﬁts 
expense. In years with net revenue growth, this expense 
generally increased at a lower rate than net revenues, thereby 
driving operating leverage and enhancing shareholder returns.
The ﬁrm remains committed to operating efﬁciently for  
our shareholders, while providing world-class service to our 
clients. Of course, maintaining discipline around costs 
requires making tough decisions regarding stafﬁng levels  
and compensation. We have strived to get the balance right, 
between improving shareholder returns and investing in the 
future of our client franchise. To do so, we have leveraged 
technology, adjusted our allocation of resources and managed 
both compensation and non-compensation expenses.
Our expense savings initiatives included enhancements in 
technology and greater geographic diversity in our workforce. 
Currently, we have approximately 8,200 staff, or roughly  
25 percent of our workforce, located in Bangalore, Salt Lake 
City, Dallas and Singapore, compared with 10 percent in 
2007. Additionally, 38 percent of all campus and experienced 
hires since 2011 have been hired into those ofﬁces.
We were among the ﬁrst global banks to embark on  
an expense savings initiative and, although painful, the  
exercise was necessary. Being an early mover allowed 
ongoing recognition of savings over the past two years and 
protected returns in what continues to be a challenging 
operating environment.
Growth and the State of Our Client Franchise
While we have strengthened our balance sheet, prioritized 
efﬁcient capital allocation and taken a disciplined approach  
to costs, we have continued to invest in a broad set of 
institutionally focused businesses that have a track record  
of providing higher returns than many other businesses within 
ﬁnancial services. Because of a consistent focus on our 
clients’ needs and orienting our businesses to meet their 
ongoing objectives, we believe we have provided solid 
returns in a challenging period, while seeking to protect our 
ability to provide signiﬁcant upside to our shareholders as  
the economic cycle turns.
We believe our businesses are particularly well positioned  
for the time when broad-based growth resumes. And, we  
see reasons to be conﬁdent in the fundamentals of the global 
economy. While emerging markets typically entail higher risk 
and volatility, we believe that over time they will generate 
stronger growth as the middle class in those countries 
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
3

--- Page 6 ---
Letter to Shareholders
expands and consumption and investment trends evolve.  
In developed economies, greater CEO conﬁdence is  
driving more strategic acquisitions as more companies are 
committing to longer term growth plans. Investor sentiment 
has also rebounded, and more companies are taking 
advantage of a better operating environment to raise equity 
and debt. In the U.S., the process of ending quantitative 
easing has begun, and while unsettling for certain markets, 
the move to a more normalized market environment is 
necessary and ultimately reassuring. All of these trends  
play to the strengths and position of our businesses.
Investment Banking
Investment Banking not only includes our advisory and 
ﬁnancing services; it also serves as an important source of 
opportunities for all parts of the ﬁrm. For example, working 
with clients in our ﬁnancing business often drives demand  
for hedging solutions, while our advisory franchise can create 
opportunities for co-investment with our business partners.
We continue to demonstrate outperformance in our advisory 
franchise. In 2013, we ranked ﬁrst in both announced and 
completed global mergers and acquisitions.
Our equity underwriting franchise was equally strong in  
2013, ranking ﬁrst in global equity and equity-related 
offerings, common stock offerings and initial public offerings 
(IPOs). We served as bookrunner on eight of the ten largest 
IPOs for the year. The technology sector was especially active 
and Goldman Sachs was the lead-left bookrunner for nearly 
twice as many technology IPOs in the U.S. than the next 
most active underwriter.
In debt underwriting, we had our best year ever in net 
revenues. While we believe that we could further strengthen 
our league table position, we do not aim to be ranked ﬁrst in 
this business. Despite our natural desire to be ranked at the 
top of any league table, we believe achieving that position,  
in this case, would require a signiﬁcant increase in lending  
at rates that would ultimately dilute long-term returns. Our 
approach could change to the extent that regulatory changes 
drive more attractive pricing.
More broadly, the past year represented one of our  
strongest market share performances in our advisory and 
underwriting franchises since 2000.
Institutional Client Services
In Institutional Client Services, our equities franchise is  
built on the premise of providing a broad suite of services  
to our investing clients. This means having a state-of-the-art 
electronic platform, comprehensive prime brokerage services 
and the capacity to be an effective liquidity provider for  
our clients.
It also means leveraging our global technology platform to 
have a scalable “high touch” and “low touch” approach to 
meeting our clients’ needs. It is not sustainable to have only 
one approach if your goal is to serve a diverse set of clients 
and to produce strong returns. Clients determine how they 
engage the ﬁrm, and they are increasingly looking to transact 
electronically with us in both cash and derivative products.
The long-term demand, however, for product innovation and 
“high touch” services remains. So, our ability to offer unique 
solutions across equities products continues to be critical  
to our clients. This dual approach of “high touch” and  
“low touch” is a by-product of the many market structure  
and regulatory changes in the equity markets over the past  
15 years. Our ability to adjust to a changing regulatory 
environment has been critical to maintaining a leadership 
position within our Equities business.
This is also true in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities 
Client Execution (FICC). We maintain a leading position  
across a broad range of products and geographies, with  
a focus on being responsive to our clients’ needs. There is 
considerable discussion about the outlook for FICC given  
the numerous regulatory changes taking place and the  
lower client volumes. We remain committed to our FICC 
businesses, which, here again, reﬂects the value our clients 
place on the services that we provide in these markets.  
And, our commitment has allowed our client franchise to 
grow. Over the past three years, for example, the number  
of corporate and growth market relationships have each 
grown by approximately 30 percent.
Some of our competitors may elect to deemphasize or exit 
some FICC businesses, given their particular circumstances. 
But, we believe this is likely to increase the value that clients 
place on the services provided by those who remain, 
especially as broader economic activity rebounds and the 
trading environment improves.
4
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report

--- Page 7 ---
 ”The past year 
represented one of 
our strongest market 
share performances 
in our advisory 
and underwriting 
franchises  
since 2000.” 
For our FICC businesses, providing liquidity to our investing 
clients requires us to take risk, and as a consequence, FICC  
is the largest consumer of our capital. Our commitment to 
these businesses does not mean that we haven’t taken 
signiﬁcant action regarding how we utilize capital. We have 
meaningfully reduced risk-weighted assets in FICC and are 
very focused on managing it for risk-adjusted returns. Chasing 
revenue market share within FICC businesses can lead to  
risk management lapses and inferior returns. Focusing on  
the right balance between risk, revenue and returns has  
been important to building a leading global franchise and 
consistently delivering strong returns for our shareholders.
Investment Management
With total assets under supervision surpassing a record  
trillion dollars, our Investment Management business is  
one of the largest in the world. We have a strong position  
across a diverse set of products spanning all major asset 
classes and geographies. And, despite the challenging market 
environment, we have been able to grow long-term assets 
under supervision by 36 percent since the beginning of 2007.
Additionally, we have expanded our deﬁned contribution 
franchise, with approximately $50 billion in new assets  
from our acquisition of Dwight Asset Management and  
our pending acquisition of Deutsche Bank’s stable  
value business.
Like our other businesses, success in Investment 
Management is a function of performing for our clients.  
Our asset-weighted mutual fund performance has been 
above the industry average for nine consecutive quarters 
through 2013. Two-thirds of our mutual fund assets were 
ranked in the top two quartiles by Morningstar across  
one, three and ﬁve year performance periods.
As performance has improved, so have asset inﬂows.  
We had net sales in long-term assets under supervision  
of $41 billion, the highest since 2007, which were broadly 
distributed across our three key client channels: High-net-
worth individuals, Third-party distributed and Institutional.  
This focus on performance has been a critical component  
in generating our highest net revenues for Investment 
Management since 2007.
Investing & Lending
Investing & Lending includes direct investing, our investing 
through funds, as well as lending to both corporations and 
high-net-worth individuals.
Our investing activity, including co-investing with our clients, 
has established itself as an important complement to our 
other franchise businesses. We have a history of strong 
investment performance over the years, and that reputation, 
along with deep client relationships, have allowed us to  
invest in opportunities that are not available to others.
Our debt investments are driven by senior loan and mezzanine 
investments, and our direct ﬁnancing and lending businesses. 
Our Investing & Lending business includes approximately  
$31 billion of direct loans, primarily extended to corporate 
clients and high-net-worth individuals. Our equity investments 
include private equity funds, direct equity investments and 
hedge fund investments. The “Volcker Rule,” which we will 
discuss in more detail, limits our ability to invest in hedge 
funds and private equity through a fund structure; as such, for 
some time now in anticipation, we have been redeeming our 
hedge fund investments to be compliant. While we’ve been 
actively harvesting our private equity funds, solid asset price 
performance has kept balance sheet levels relatively ﬂat.
Our investing and lending activities are synergistic  
with our other activities and are valuable to our clients.  
We remain committed to these businesses and, now with 
greater regulatory clarity, we know that with the necessary 
adjustments, we will continue to work with our clients  
as an investor.
Regulation
In December, regulators passed the ﬁnal Volcker Rule,  
which restricts banking entities’ proprietary trading activities 
and certain interests in, and relationships with, hedge funds 
and private equity funds.
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
5

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to Shareholders
Throughout the rulemaking process, we stated that it was 
critical that the rulemaking proceed in a way that is not 
counterproductive to the ability of companies and investors  
to continue to use the capital markets to accomplish their 
business objectives.
Importantly, the ﬁnal Volcker Rule explicitly permitted market 
making, lending and investing on balance sheet. Regulators 
allowed these activities because ﬁnancial intermediation plays 
an essential role in capital raising and risk management, 
supporting broader economic activity and growth.
As we indicated earlier, while the rule was only recently 
ﬁnalized, we have been preparing to comply with certain 
portions of the rule for nearly three years. We liquidated 
substantially all of our proprietary trading positions, speciﬁcally 
our Principal Strategies and our Global Macro Proprietary 
positions. And in 2012, we announced our intention to  
redeem certain hedge fund investments. Since then, we  
have redeemed approximately $2.2 billion of hedge fund 
investments and we will continue to redeem our interests.
We are now focused on ensuring that we are in the position 
to effectively and efﬁciently comply with the requirements  
of this new and signiﬁcant legal regime.
Our People
The quality and breadth of our client franchise are a direct 
by-product of our ability to attract and retain high-caliber 
professionals. As an investment bank, our main asset is  
our people and the advice and solutions that they provide to 
our clients. Great people build great relationships. And, we 
are fortunate to have a diverse group of young people from 
around the world who continue to view Goldman Sachs as  
a great place to begin and sustain their careers. For our latest 
analyst class, more than 43,000 candidates applied for 1,900 
positions. We accepted about four percent of those applicants 
and of those receiving offers, more than 80 percent accepted.
In 2013, we were proud to be named as one of Fortune 
magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Goldman 
Sachs is one of only ﬁve companies to be recognized every 
year that the Great Place to Work Institute has issued its  
list since 1984.
Of course, we operate in a global and competitive industry 
and we seek to attract from the broadest pool of talented 
6
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
 ”The quality and 
breadth of our client 
franchise are a direct 
by-product of our 
ability to attract and 
retain high-caliber 
professionals.”
people available. It is incumbent upon us to ensure that  
we are always adapting to the realities of a workplace, 
especially one now shaped by instant connectivity.
This past year, we closely examined the day-to-day work 
environment for junior bankers and its connection to  
long-term career development. After that review, we 
announced a series of initiatives so that these young 
professionals receive more regular feedback and career 
development guidance, more time with their managers and 
clients and more consistent and predictable periods when 
they can plan to be out of the ofﬁce. We also are using new 
technology that will make the process of creating client-
related materials easier. The goal through these initiatives is 
to recognize the difference between untargeted effort and 
productive work. Our measures of success will continue to 
be the quality of thought and work we do for our clients, 
something that is sustainable only in a workplace that 
emphasizes productivity over the expectation of hours in the 
ofﬁce and greater balance in pursuit of a long-term career.
Business Standards & Practices
As we have written to you in the past, we have spent 
enormous time and effort, as a ﬁrm, reviewing and improving 
our business standards and practices. In January 2011, we 
published the Report of the Business Standards Committee 
(BSC), which was the culmination of an extensive eight-
month review encompassing every major business, region 
and activity of the ﬁrm. The report made 39 recommendations 
for change in the above areas.
In January 2011, we established the BSC Implementation 
Oversight Group, which for the next two years was 
responsible for overseeing the implementation of each 
recommendation. By February 2013, all 39 recommendations 
had been fully implemented.

--- Page 9 ---
In May 2013, we released another public report, the Business 
Standards Committee Impact Report, which discussed the 
changes we made as a result of the BSC implementation  
and how they impacted our ﬁrm. We identiﬁed three unifying 
themes across the 39 recommendations, which capture  
the areas of greatest change and impact on the ﬁrm:  
(1) clients, and the higher standard of care we apply in 
serving them; (2) reputational sensitivity and awareness, 
and its importance in everything we do; and (3) the individual 
and collective accountability of our people.
Most signiﬁcantly, for all our employees, the experience of 
initiating, approving and executing a transaction for a client  
at Goldman Sachs is now fundamentally different. This 
difference reﬂects signiﬁcant changes to processes, business 
standards, documentation and transaction approvals, all of 
which impact our approach to decision making.
Process matters and the BSC changes have led to our 
processes being more clear, comprehensive and consistent. 
Business standards reﬂect the heightened scrutiny we bring 
to our own actions and activities, the role we play as a large 
ﬁnancial institution and the responsibilities we have to our 
clients and to global ﬁnancial intermediation. Documentation 
supporting our processes is more standardized and organized 
around escalation procedures. Transaction approvals focus on 
the core goals of serving our clients’ long-term interests and 
protecting the ﬁrm’s reputation. Taken together, these changes 
result in better judgments and decision making, which are 
among the most important impacts emerging from the BSC.
The work underlying the BSC is part of a much larger,  
ongoing commitment by the ﬁrm to be self-aware, to be  
open to change and to learn the right lessons from recent 
experiences. Going forward, we know we will inevitably 
make mistakes, but we commit to learn from them and 
respond in a way that meets the high expectations of our 
clients, shareholders, other stakeholders, regulators and  
the broader public.
On our Web site, in addition to the two reports, you can  
view other relevant material, including a discussion on the 
impact of the Client and Business Standards Committee,  
an illustrated example of the life cycle of a client transaction  
and video excerpts from the Chairman’s Forum, which was  
a series of internal discussions led by senior management  
on how we conduct ourselves in serving our clients and 
protecting the ﬁrm’s reputation.
Corporate Engagement
In 2013, Goldman Sachs committed more than $200 million  
to philanthropic endeavors, including our tradition of strong 
engagement through Goldman Sachs Gives and expanding 
10,000 Women and 10,000 Small Businesses to include  
new academic and non-proﬁt partners.
Goldman Sachs Gives
Goldman Sachs Gives is a donor-advised fund through  
which participating managing directors (PMDs) of the ﬁrm  
can recommend grants to qualiﬁed non-proﬁt organizations 
around the world. Since the inception of Goldman Sachs Gives, 
PMD compensation has been reduced by approximately  
$1.2 billion to fund Goldman Sachs Gives, and approximately 
15,000 grants totaling more than $720 million have been 
made to various organizations in 38 countries. Since the fund 
was created, more than $350 million has been granted to 
community organizations supporting veterans, poverty 
alleviation, medical research and other signiﬁcant areas of 
need. In addition, more than $145 million has been granted  
to approximately 180 colleges and universities to support 
ﬁnancial aid. In 2013, more generally, approximately  
$150 million was distributed through more than 4,500 
individual grants.
10,000 Small Businesses
10,000 Small Businesses expanded its network of cities and 
partners to provide small businesses with the education, 
business services and capital they need to grow and create 
jobs. By year’s end, 10,000 Small Businesses was operating  
in more than 20 sites in the U.S. and United Kingdom. In the 
U.S., we launched new sites in Philadelphia, Miami and 
Detroit. In addition, loans through the program began to be 
offered in Oregon, Washington, Tennessee, Virginia and 
Maine. In the fall, we announced a new national partnership 
that allows qualiﬁed small business owners anywhere in the 
U.S. to receive training at Babson College, one of the nation’s 
leading entrepreneurial schools.
In the United Kingdom, we hosted the ﬁrst gathering of 
10,000 Small Businesses alumni from across the country, 
with more than 200 businesses attending. In conjunction  
with the event, academic program partners released a 
progress report on the graduating businesses to date 
showing that 66 percent of U.K. program participants had 
grown revenue and 77 percent of them had created jobs.
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
7

--- Page 10 ---
risks in Europe and the political impasse in Washington, D.C. 
appear less likely than a year ago. Collectively, we have made 
a lot of progress.
Of course, concerns about emerging economies, the effect  
of the Federal Reserve’s “taper,” and a host of other issues 
may challenge sentiment and complicate the recovery. As  
we look at the longer term fundamentals, however, we 
remain optimistic.
For Goldman Sachs, our businesses are well positioned  
and our client franchise is strong. We have taken important 
actions to manage efﬁciently our capital and cost structure. 
As a result, we are conﬁdent that we have achieved 
signiﬁcant operating leverage for our shareholders, which  
will become only clearer with an improving economic 
environment. Our culture of teamwork and client focus  
has never been more alive and vibrant and continues to 
deﬁne who we are and the work we do. We remain intent  
on learning from the experience of recent years but maintain  
a ﬁrm eye on the future to do our part to contribute to 
economic growth and opportunity. In the process, we  
are conﬁdent that Goldman Sachs will produce signiﬁcant  
value for our shareholders.
Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
Gary D. Cohn 
President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer
Letter to Shareholders
10,000 Women
2013 represented an important milestone for our 10,000 
Women initiative. In December, the 10,000th woman entered 
the program and is expected to graduate in 2014. Since it 
was announced in 2008, this program has provided 10,000 
underserved women entrepreneurs with a business and 
management education, access to mentors and networks, 
and links to capital. 10,000 Women has drawn participants 
from more than 40 countries around the world. Delivered 
through a network of 90 academic and non-proﬁt partners, 
10,000 Women continues to yield promising results. More 
than 80 percent of surveyed graduates have increased 
revenues and more than 70 percent have added new jobs.
We are focused on the next chapter of 10,000 Women  
and recently announced a new partnership with the 
International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the 
World Bank Group, to create the ﬁrst-ever global ﬁnance 
facility dedicated exclusively to women-owned small and 
medium enterprises. Goldman Sachs Foundation, IFC and 
other investors will contribute up to $600 million to the 
facility, which will enable approximately 100,000 women 
entrepreneurs to access capital. 10,000 Women remains 
committed to expanding business and management 
education to reach more high-potential women entrepreneurs 
around the world. Through the capital this partnership will 
raise, women entrepreneurs will have a much greater  
chance of reaching their full potential.
Looking Ahead
In our shareholder letter to you for 2006, we wrote that  
“we are always cognizant that conditions can change quickly 
and in unforeseen ways…One of the worst things we could 
do, as a ﬁrm and as individuals, is to begin to believe that the 
laws of economics do not apply to us — that somehow 
markets aren’t cyclical.”
Much of the last ﬁve years has been challenged by the cyclical 
downturn. We believe that the upcoming year may very well 
represent the progression into a stronger global economy. 
But, this has not been a passive exercise. The banking sector, 
especially in the U.S., is well capitalized; companies are 
operating with strong balance sheets; new ways to tap 
sources of energy are making U.S. manufacturing more 
competitive; the housing market is recovering and individuals 
have signiﬁcantly reduced their debt. In addition, the tail  
8
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report

--- Page 11 ---
25Working with our clients globally, we seek out opportunity as the world changes. We work to  
HOW IS THE LANDSCAPE EVOLVING?
WHAT OPPORTUNITIES ARE ON THE HORIZON?
WHICH COMPANIES ARE CHANGING THE GAME?
WHAT ARE THE CHALLENGES? WHAT ARE THE RISKS?
AND WHAT TRANSFORMATIVE  
TRENDS ARE EMERGING?
AT GOLDMAN SACHS, THESE QUESTIONS 
ARE TOP OF MIND FOR OUR CLIENTS.
provide solutions to complex challenges and bring together experts to explore near-term solutions  
and long-term ideas. While the people of Goldman Sachs apply their expertise across a range  
of disciplines, four themes in particular — 
 Entrepreneurship and   
 Technology 
 Energy 
 Risk Management — stand out as among the most notable for our business in 2013.
With a focus on these areas, this year’s annual report highlights 25 trends that made an  
impact over the past year, and discusses how Goldman Sachs helps clients navigate some  
of the most critical and dynamic sectors of today’s global economy.
Goldman Sachs 2013 Annual Report
9
