
--- Page 8 ---
Strategic report
Group Chairman’s statement
The progress we made in 2021 means that HSBC is well 
placed to open up a world of opportunity for our customers 
as economic recovery continues.
investors all continued along their ESG 
journeys in 2021, as public awareness  
grew and activism around climate change  
in particular increased. HSBC has long 
understood that good ESG performance goes 
hand-in-hand with good financial performance, 
and it is now abundantly clear that the action 
businesses take on sustainability is an 
important lens through which they are being 
viewed and assessed by their stakeholders.
Progress
HSBC delivered a good financial performance 
in 2021. Reported profit before tax was 
$18.9bn, an increase of $10.1bn as compared 
with 2020, while adjusted profit before tax was 
$21.9bn, up 79%. All of our regions were 
profitable in 2021, supported by the global 
economic recovery, demonstrating the value 
of our global network. There was also good 
growth in focus areas such as Asia wealth 
and trade. In line with the dividend policy 
announced in February 2021, the Board 
approved a second interim dividend for 2021 
of $0.18, meaning the full year dividends for 
2021 are $0.25.
Good progress has been made in executing 
our strategic plan. A number of key milestones 
were reached in 2021 – including resolving the 
future of our retail businesses in France and 
the US, the organic build-out of HSBC 
Personal Wealth Planning in mainland China, 
and acquisitions in Singapore and India to 
accelerate the development of our wealth 
capabilities across Asia. At the same time, our 
work to digitise HSBC and to play a leading 
role in the net zero transition has continued  
at pace. There is more to do – and it will be 
important to see successive consecutive 
quarters of growth – but good momentum 
exists across our businesses. 
Board of Directors
Due to ongoing travel restrictions and safety 
concerns, the Board has not been able to meet 
in person for two years. We look forward to 
reconnecting with each other and welcoming 
those Board members we are yet to meet in 
person. At the same time, we have come to 
appreciate the benefits of this new way of 
working – which include more regular 
dialogue, less travel and reduced costs – 
and we will therefore use a hybrid model 
going forward. 
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
2021 was another challenging year. 
While Covid-19 vaccines were rolled 
out globally, some countries dealt with 
very significant outbreaks and many 
more operated under various restrictions 
at different points. As in 2020, this took 
a huge toll on our customers, our 
people, the communities we serve 
and our shareholders. 
My colleagues once again demonstrated their 
resilience, their professionalism and, above all, 
their exceptional commitment to serving our 
customers. Our purpose as an organisation is 
to open up a world of opportunity. Our people 
have brought this to life in the way they have 
supported our customers and each other. On 
behalf of the Board, I would like to thank them 
warmly for everything they have done, and 
continue to do.
ESG was another major theme of 2021. The 
pandemic has exposed the fragility of the 
planet and society as a whole. It has also 
created a catalyst for change and highlighted 
the associated commercial opportunities. 
Businesses, governments, regulators and 
6
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021

--- Page 9 ---
Group Chairman’s statement
” HSBC has long understood that good 
ESG performance goes hand-in-hand 
with good financial performance.”
and value. For our suppliers, it can mean 
supporting them to grow their businesses 
and strengthen their own supply chains.  
And for the communities we serve, it can 
mean being a responsible citizen and leading 
the net zero transition.
Stakeholder engagement has been a priority 
for the Board in 2021. For example, the Board 
oversaw HSBC’s continuing work in support  
of our ambition to align our financed emissions 
to net zero by 2050 or sooner. This included 
engaging shareholders and leading NGOs 
ahead of the 2021 AGM, when our special 
resolution on the next steps in relation to  
our climate ambition was overwhelmingly 
approved. We also reviewed and approved 
a new thermal coal phase-out policy, which 
we announced in December 2021 and is 
designed to allow HSBC to help facilitate the 
transition to net zero in both developed and 
developing markets. 
Thank you
Finally, I would like to reiterate how grateful 
I am to all my colleagues for the great 
dedication and care they have shown to our 
customers and to each other over the past 
year. Their tremendous efforts have, above 
everything else, made us what we are today 
– and will shape what we become tomorrow.
Mark E Tucker
Group Chairman
22 February 2022
We were pleased to hold our first hybrid  
AGM in May 2021, which the majority of 
shareholders attended virtually. It is a matter 
of deep regret to me, and to the Board as a 
whole, that we have been unable to meet our 
loyal Hong Kong shareholders face-to-face. 
We look forward to doing so again as soon 
as it is practicable and safe. In the meantime, 
a hybrid meeting does at least allow for 
constructive engagement and discussions 
with shareholders, which we continue to 
value highly.
At the 2021 AGM, Laura Cha, Henri de 
Castries and Heidi Miller all retired from the 
Board. We also recently announced that Irene 
Lee and Pauline van der Meer Mohr will step 
down from the Board at the conclusion of our 
2022 AGM in April. I am enormously grateful  
to them all for their important and valuable 
contributions to the Board, the committees 
and the subsidiary entities on which they have 
served. We welcomed Dame Carolyn Fairbairn 
and Rachel Duan to the Board on 1 September. 
Both Carolyn and Rachel bring a wealth of 
skills and expertise that will be of great value 
to the Board’s discussions.
External environment 
The roll-out of vaccines around the world and 
a robust global economic recovery mean we 
entered 2022 in a better state than we might 
have expected a year ago. There are clearly 
still significant challenges ahead, foremost 
among which is the uncertainty caused by the 
spread of the Omicron variant, and potentially 
other variants in the future. Supply chain 
bottlenecks, high energy and food prices, 
surging consumer demand and higher wages 
have combined to drive up inflation. Central 
banks have already begun to respond by 
tightening monetary policy and this is likely 
to continue in 2022.
Global economic growth forecasts are fairly 
resilient – our own forecast is 4.1% global  
GDP growth in 2022. However, there remains 
a great deal of uncertainty given the wide 
range of responses from governments to  
the different challenges they face. 
After China’s strong recovery, growth slowed 
in the second half of 2021. As a result, we 
expect China’s government to take action to 
ease monetary and fiscal policies, with the  
aim of shoring up growth. Meanwhile, India’s 
economy is set to grow rapidly, but growth is 
expected to be slower in the UK and the US. 
Global trade performed well in 2021, with 
volumes rising above pre-pandemic levels 
despite ongoing supply chain disruptions. 
Looking forward, trade growth could be 
further boosted by the lifting of restrictions 
on movement that remain in place in some 
countries. There are also signs that supply 
chain bottlenecks will ease as the year  
goes on, although when and how remains 
uncertain. The Regional Comprehensive 
Economic Partnership is expected to 
reinforce Asia’s central role in global trade. 
Along with the bilateral trade deals being 
struck by some countries, it also shows that 
trade liberalisation continues to advance in 
some parts of the world.
Although there is currently no long-term 
agreement between the UK and the EU on 
access to financial services, we have worked 
for a number of years to ensure we will be able 
to maintain a full service for our clients under 
all potential scenarios. Ideally, the temporary 
arrangements on access to financial services 
will be retained so as to minimise disruption 
and enable the UK financial services industry 
to continue to offer the many benefits  
it brings to the UK and EU economies. 
However, we are well prepared for a broad 
range of outcomes.
As a global bank operating in more than 
60 countries and territories, with a history 
stretching back more than 156 years, we 
always have experienced – and always will 
experience – geopolitical tensions. However, 
we remain alive to the potential impact that 
geopolitics can have on our business, as well 
as on our clients. The relationship between the 
US and China remains a prominent feature of 
the external environment, but we do not 
currently expect it to change significantly in 
the near future. We also expect the mutual 
economic benefits brought by the UK-China 
relationship to outweigh any short-term 
pressures. We continue to engage with all 
governments and remain focused on serving 
the needs of our customers in both East and 
West, and the many points in between.
Stakeholder engagement
Our purpose of opening up a world of 
opportunity is equally applicable to our 
different stakeholders. For our people, it  
can mean helping them to develop new skills 
and advance in their careers, as well as being 
diverse and inclusive. For our shareholders, 
it can mean creating sustainable returns  
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021
7

--- Page 10 ---
Strategic report 
Group Chief Executive’s review
We are making good progress transforming and growing 
HSBC, which is helping us to open up a world of opportunity 
for our customers, our colleagues and our shareholders.
As we do so, we will be guided by the  
values underpinning our purpose – we value 
difference, we succeed together, we take 
responsibility and we get it done. These are 
the behaviours that will help us to identify and 
unlock new opportunities – and together they 
represent the kind of organisation we want 
HSBC to be.
With our purpose and values firmly in mind, 
we made good progress in 2021 against all 
four of our strategic pillars: focus on our 
strengths, digitise at scale, energise for growth 
and transition to net zero. Delivering against 
them contributed to a strong financial 
performance, which was supported  
by the global economic recovery. All of our 
regions were profitable and we have built  
a strong platform for future growth.
For some of our customers, the first priority 
has remained navigating the ongoing impact 
of Covid-19, particularly in markets that 
suffered severe outbreaks or faced restrictions 
during the course of 2021. To this end, I must 
again offer my deep thanks to my colleagues, 
who have exemplified our values in supporting 
our customers and each other, all the while 
continuing to deal with the pandemic 
themselves.
As economies recovered and opened up, we 
have helped more and more of our customers 
to look beyond the immediate horizon and 
towards the opportunities we can open up  
for them. In 2021, we helped almost 269,000 
personal customers to buy their first homes. 
We lent $47bn to help our business banking 
customers to run, grow and digitise their 
businesses. We launched new products and 
services that make it easier for our customers 
to bank with us, and allow us to focus our 
efforts on serving them. We facilitated $799bn 
of trade, which has helped businesses and 
economies around the world to recover and 
grow again.
As our people also began to look to the future, 
we created opportunities for them too. We 
helped more than 30,000 colleagues move 
into new roles in 2021, and over 115,000 
colleagues to develop future-ready skills 
through our learning programmes. An 
increasing number of these programmes 
focused on building skills and capabilities  
in areas like data and sustainability, which  
are essential to our future.
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive 
A year ago, we refreshed our core 
purpose as an organisation. ‘Opening up 
a world of opportunity’ was the outcome 
of extensive consultation with colleagues 
and customers around the globe. I have 
been delighted by the way it has been 
embraced across HSBC – and in the 
many conversations I have had with 
colleagues, I have been greatly 
encouraged by how they see their 
roles contributing towards it. 
Opening up a world of opportunity draws 
heavily on HSBC’s past, but it also 
encapsulates what we need to focus on to 
succeed now and in the future. Opportunities 
have always come in many shapes and forms, 
some of which have required us to change 
and evolve to make the most of them. We 
need to keep challenging ourselves to find and 
capture these opportunities. This is how we 
will help our customers to grow and succeed 
over the long term. 
8
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021

--- Page 11 ---
Group Chief Executive’s review
” The opportunities of the 
future will be defined by  
the single greatest challenge  
of our time – the need for 
everyone to make the  
low-carbon transition.”
More than anything else, the opportunities 
of the future will be defined by the single 
greatest challenge of our time – the need for 
everyone to make the low-carbon transition. 
To seize them, we must change, adapt, 
invest and innovate. Since 2019, we have 
reduced greenhouse gas emissions across 
our operations by more than half. We also 
provided and facilitated $82.6bn of 
sustainable finance and investment – 
bringing the cumulative total since 1 January 
2020 to $126.7bn, towards our ambition of 
$750bn to $1tn by 2030. Furthermore, we 
have collaborated with other banks and 
financial institutions to help accelerate the 
transition through initiatives including the 
Net-Zero Banking Alliance, the Glasgow 
Financial Alliance for Net Zero and the 
Sustainable Markets Initiative’s Financial 
Services Taskforce.
Financial performance
The global economic recovery supported our 
2021 financial performance, as the release of 
expected credit losses resulted in an 
improvement in the profitability of the Group 
and all global businesses. Our interest-rate 
sensitive business lines continued to be 
adversely impacted by low interest rates, but 
our net interest margin remained broadly 
stable during 2021 and the outlook is now 
significantly more positive. After absorbing the 
impact of low interest rates for some time, we 
believe we have turned the corner on revenue. 
We have also seen good fee income growth, 
good growth in mortgage balances and our 
lending pipelines across both retail and 
wholesale remain strong. Our insurance 
business also continues to perform well, 
notably in Asia where we have seen strong 
growth in value of new business, despite the 
border between Hong Kong and mainland 
China remaining closed.
As a consequence, the Group delivered 
$18.9bn of reported profit before tax, up 
$10.1bn on the prior year, and $21.9bn of 
adjusted profits, up 79%. We were profitable 
in every region, with Asia leading the way 
and material increases in profits in the UK, 
continental Europe, the US and the 
Middle East.
Adjusted revenue was down 3%, due mainly 
to the impact of interest rate cuts. However, 
trade balances grew by 23% overall, while 
loans and advances increased by $23bn for 
the year.
Our cost reduction programmes were able to 
absorb increased technology investment and 
higher performance-related pay, with adjusted 
operating expenses down by 1%. Return on 
tangible equity was 8.3%. If rates follow the 
path currently implied by the market, we 
would expect to reach a return on tangible 
equity of at least 10% for 2023, one year 
ahead of our previous expectations.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, we took a charge 
on expected credit losses, due to changing 
market conditions in the mainland China 
commercial real estate sector. Since the year 
end, there has been some positive sentiment 
as a consequence of new policy actions. They 
will take time to impact the market and we will 
continue to support our clients, with whom we 
have good and long-standing relationships.
Our funding, liquidity and capital all remain 
strong. We grew deposits by $90bn on a 
constant currency basis, with growth in all 
three global businesses. Our common equity 
tier 1 ratio was 15.8%. As a consequence, 
we are able to announce a second interim 
dividend of $0.18, bringing the full-year 
dividends for 2021 to $0.25 per ordinary share. 
This is within our target payout ratio, and our 
aim is for a sustainable dividend in 2022.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021
9

--- Page 12 ---
Strategic report | Group Chief Executive’s review
Strategic progress
In 2021, we made good progress 
against our strategic pillars.
We brought in 
$36.2bn 
of net new invested assets in Asia Wealth. 
We provided and facilitated 
$82.6bn 
of sustainable finance and investment. 
Our strong capital position and confidence in 
the business enabled us to announce a share 
buy-back of up to $2bn in October 2021. We 
also intend to initiate a further share buy-back 
of up to $1bn, to commence after the existing 
buy-back of up to $2bn has concluded. 
We are also helping to create sustainable 
returns for shareholders by driving underlying 
growth across the business. We have much 
more to do, but I am encouraged by what we 
have achieved so far.
Focus on our strengths
We have made good progress restructuring 
our portfolio of businesses, with the aim of 
investing in those areas in which we are 
strongest and withdrawing from those 
areas in which we lack the necessary  
scale to compete.
Over the last two years, we reduced gross  
risk-weighted assets by a cumulative $104bn, 
against our original three-year target of 
$110bn. Given this progress, we now expect 
to exceed this target by the end of 2022. In 
Global Banking and Markets, adjusted 
risk-weighted assets were 10% lower in 2021, 
as we moved capital and resources mainly into 
Asia and the Middle East. The extensive work 
undertaken to transform this business since 
2019 was also designed to mitigate the 
impact of Basel III reforms.
We reached two key milestones for our 
transformation as we took steps to resolve 
the future of our businesses in the US and 
continental Europe. In the US, we entered 
into an agreement to sell our mass market 
retail business, which has now been 
completed on schedule. We also entered into 
an agreement to sell our retail banking 
activities in France, which we expect to 
complete in 2023. Both deals will help our US 
and continental Europe businesses to become 
more focused, better aligned to the Group and 
the international needs of our wholesale and 
wealth management customers.
In Asia, we continued to enhance our wealth 
proposition, including through the launch of 
HSBC Greater Bay Area Connect and more 
than 30 new asset management products 
across the region. In December, we received 
regulatory approval to acquire the remaining 
50% stake in HSBC Life China, our joint 
venture insurance company in mainland China. 
All of this is enabling us to significantly expand 
our capabilities to serve the growing wealth 
and insurance needs of our customers in 
China, particularly in the Greater Bay Area.
We accelerated the development of our wealth 
capabilities across the rest of Asia by several 
years through two acquisitions. We entered 
into an agreement to buy AXA Singapore, 
which was completed earlier this month and 
will expand our insurance and wealth 
franchise in our ASEAN regional hub. We also 
agreed to buy L&T Investment Management 
to strengthen our asset management business 
in India. Both deals represent significant steps 
towards our ambition of being a leading 
wealth manager in Asia. 
The overall investment we have made in Asia 
wealth was evidenced by strong customer 
acquisition, and significantly increased assets 
and balances, year-on-year. Net new invested 
assets in Asia wealth were $36.2bn, which 
was more than double the previous year.
In Commercial Banking, we grew our lending 
by $11bn and our international account 
opening increased by 13% in 2021, while trade 
balances grew by 30% and are now above 
pre-pandemic levels. 
Digitise at scale
We invested $6bn in technology in 2021, 
as we continued to drive change in the  
way we approach technology across the 
organisation and ultimately improve the 
customer experience.
Around 97% of transactions are now fully 
automated. For example, automated credit 
and lending systems processed around $15bn 
of personal loans in 2021. Our use of the Cloud 
increased to cover 27% of technology 
services, giving us more processing power 
and speed, while we also increased our use 
of Agile across technology roles.
Almost half of our retail customers are now 
active on mobile, and we have developed new 
products and improved existing ones so we 
can better meet their needs. Our revamped 
mobile app is now available across 24 markets 
and Global Money was extended to more 
markets, allowing more of our international 
retail customers to hold, manage and send 
funds in various currencies. Corporate 
customers carried out over 9 million payments 
through the HSBCnet app – an increase of 58% 
year-on-year. HSBC Kinetic – our award-
winning mobile banking app for business 
customers in the UK – has acquired more than 
24,000 customers since it was launched.
Energise for growth
We have taken further steps to create a 
dynamic and inclusive culture, which helps 
us to attract and retain the best people.
After listening to our people, we introduced a 
hybrid working model, wherever appropriate, 
which allows us to strike the right balance 
between office-based work and home-based 
work. We have also taken the opportunity 
during Covid-19 to reconfigure much of our 
head office workspace to better facilitate 
team-based Agile working methods. We are 
still learning about what works, but we believe 
that trusting our colleagues to find the right 
balance is integral to building the culture we 
aspire to at HSBC. As a consequence of hybrid 
working, we will need less office space. In 
2021, we reduced our global office footprint 
by more than 3.4 million square feet – 
equivalent to 18%.
We were pleased to exceed our target for 
30% women in leadership roles globally in 
2020, and we set a new target of 35% by 
2025. HSBC was named in the Bloomberg 
Gender-Equality Index last month, with our 
overall score increasing by 21 percentage 
points in 2021 and outperforming the financial 
services average by 15 percentage points. 
We also continued to work to improve 
ethnicity representation, especially for Black 
colleagues. However, we still have a way to 
go to get to where we want, and need, to 
be on both measures.
10
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021

--- Page 13 ---
Group Chief Executive’s review
” We were profitable in every 
region, with Asia leading 
the way and material 
increases in profits in the 
UK, continental Europe, 
the US and the Middle East.”
In our most recent colleague survey,  
our employee engagement index was  
72%, which is unchanged on 2020 and  
4 percentage points above the average  
for the financial services sector.
assets without hindering growth. HSBC 
was presented with the Terra Carta seal by 
HRH the Prince of Wales in recognition of the 
work that we are doing to create truly 
sustainable markets. 
Transition to net zero
The industrial landscape of the world is being 
transformed by the transition to net zero. I am 
determined that HSBC will play a leading role 
in driving this change.
At the 2021 AGM, 99.7% of shareholders 
backed our special resolution on climate 
change, providing a strong endorsement 
of our climate plan and our commitment to 
support our customers on their transitions to 
a low-carbon future. However, we do not take 
this support for granted, and we have taken 
a number of further steps to maintain our 
leadership role.
In September, we partnered with Temasek, 
subject to regulatory approval, to launch a 
new debt financing fund for sustainable 
infrastructure in south-east Asia, with $150m 
of seed capital and the ambition to deploy 
$1bn of financing over five years. 
At the COP26 meeting in Glasgow, HSBC  
was one of over 100 public and private 
organisations behind the launch of FAST-Infra, 
a labelling system that aims to increase 
investor confidence in the sustainability 
credentials of projects in emerging markets. 
We are also supporting the Energy Transition 
Mechanism, a public-private partnership led 
by the Asian Development Bank that aims 
for the materially earlier retirement of coal 
After also joining the Powering Past Coal 
Alliance, we published a new thermal coal 
policy to phase out the financing of coal-fired 
power and thermal coal mining in EU and 
OECD markets by 2030, and globally by 2040. 
This fulfilled the commitment approved by  
our shareholders and followed a period of 
extensive engagement with our stakeholders. 
It has two clear objectives: to drive thermal 
coal phase-out within the timeframe required 
to reach net zero by 2050; and to help enable 
the energy transition in developing economies.
We are committed to working with our clients 
to develop valid, science-based transition 
plans to understand – sector-by-sector and 
client-by-client – how we will move to net zero 
by 2050. These transition plans and the targets 
within them must be predicated on the 
science relevant to the individual sectors. 
We will use them as a basis for further 
engagement and decision making, including 
how we drive change within our portfolios. 
As part of this process, we have disclosed 
interim targets for on-balance sheet financed 
emissions in the oil and gas, and power and 
utilities sectors. In the year ahead, we plan to 
set interim targets for financed emissions 
across a range of other sectors. We will also 
work on our climate transition plan, which will 
be published in 2023 and will bring together 
in one place how we will embed our net zero 
targets into our strategy, processes, policies 
and governance.
2022
We have good momentum coming into 2022 
and are confident that we can continue to 
execute against our strategy. We also remain 
cognisant of the potential impact that further 
Covid-19-related uncertainty and continued 
inflation might have on us and our clients.
Throughout HSBC’s history, our people have 
always demonstrated great professionalism 
and commitment to those we serve, and that 
is as evident today as it has ever been. Despite 
the personal and professional challenges they 
continue to face after two years of living with 
the pandemic, I am proud of my colleagues, 
and the sense of duty and care they continue 
to show towards our customers and each 
other. Our success – now and in the future – is 
testament to them and all they continue to do 
for our bank.
Noel Quinn
Group Chief Executive
22 February 2022
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021
11

--- Page 14 ---
Strategic report
Our strategy
We are implementing our strategy across the four strategic pillars aligned to our purpose, 
values and ambition announced in February 2021.
Progress on our commitments in 2021
In 2021, we made good progress on our 
strategy across all of our global businesses. 
In Wealth and Personal Banking, we had 
strong wealth revenue momentum and 
augmented our fee generating portfolios  
with acquisitions in asset management and 
insurance to build further scale. In Commercial 
Banking, we saw strong growth in fee income, 
and momentum in trade volumes. In Global 
Banking and Markets, we had strong 
countercyclical revenue even as we exceeded 
our expectations on RWA rundowns and client 
exits. To support our global businesses, we 
also continued to invest in technology, develop 
our talent and culture, and play a role in the 
transition to a global net zero economy. 
Our efforts to date are paving the way for 
us to accelerate execution of the growth 
opportunities across our businesses and 
international network and, in turn, to help 
meet our targets and ambitions.
Shifting capital to areas with the highest returns and growth
In line with our strategy, we set out aspirations in February 2021 to accelerate the shift of capital and resources to areas that have demonstrated 
the highest returns and where we are strongest, principally in Asia, with a pivot to fee income generating businesses such as wealth. We saw 
strong progress across all parameters in 2021. While the proportion of fee and insurance income increased relative to 2020, reflecting fee and 
insurance revenue growth, this metric was also favourably impacted by lower net interest income due to 2020 interest rate reductions, as well  
as favourable market impacts in life insurance manufacturing.
Capital allocation and planned revenue concentration
Asia
(as a % of Group tangible equity)1
Wealth and Personal Banking
(as a % of Group tangible equity)2
Adjusted fees and insurance revenue
(as a % of total adjusted revenue)
2020
2021
42%
2020
42%
2021
25%
2020
27%
2021
Medium- to long-term aspiration
c.50%
Medium- to long-term aspiration
c.35%
Medium- to long-term aspiration
2020
1 Based on tangible equity of the Group’s major legal entities excluding associates, holding companies, and consolidation adjustments.
2 WPB tangible equity as a share of tangible equity allocated to the global businesses (excluding Corporate Centre). Excludes holding companies, and 
  consolidation adjustments.
28%
33%
c.35%
Progress against Group targets
Adjusted operating expenses in 2021
Gross RWA reduction1 
RoTE3 in 2021
$32.1bn
Updated target: 2022 adjusted operating 
expenses in line with 2021. Previous target: 
≤$31bn in 2022 (at December 2020 foreign 
exchange rates).
$104bn
Since the start of the programme. Updated 
target: >$110bn by end of 2022.
8.3%
Target: ≥10% over the medium term.
Dividend payout ratio2
CET1 ratio in 2021 
40.3%
Target: sustainable cash dividends 
with a payout ratio of 40% to 55% 
from 2022 onwards.
15.8%
Target: >14%, managing in the range of 14% 
to 14.5% in the medium term; and manage 
range down further long term.
 For our financial targets, we define medium term 
as three to four years and long term as five to six 
years, commencing 1 January 2020. Further 
explanation of performance against Group 
financial targets may be found on page 26.
1 Given progress to date, we now expect to exceed our $110bn reduction target by the end of 2022.
2  In line with our dividend policy, we retain the flexibility to adjust earnings per ordinary share (‘EPS’) for non-cash significant items. In 2022, we intend to adjust EPS 
to exclude the forecast loss on the sale of our retail banking operations in France.
3 If policy rates were to follow the current implied market consensus, we would expect to deliver a return on average tangible equity (‘RoTE’) of at least 10% for 2023.
12
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021

--- Page 15 ---
Our strategy
Our strategy
Our strategy centres around four key areas: focus on our areas of strengths, digitise at scale to adapt our operating model for the future, energise 
our organisation for growth, and support the transition to a net zero global economy.
Focus on our strengths
In our global businesses
In each of our global businesses, we continue to focus on areas where we are strongest and have opportunities to grow. 
Wealth and Personal Banking
In Wealth and Personal Banking, we have 
continued to make progress in the execution 
of our wealth, asset management and 
insurance strategy, notably in Asia. We grew 
our net new invested assets from $53bn in 
2020 to $64bn, with $36bn coming from Asia, 
where we saw an increase of 138%. This 
contributed to a 5% increase in Wealth and 
Personal Banking wealth balances to $1.67tn, 
including 5% growth in Asset Management’s 
funds under management to $630bn. In Asia, 
Wealth and Personal Banking wealth revenue 
– which comprises wealth, insurance, private 
banking, and asset management – grew by 
10% to $5.8bn. This included a 40% growth in 
value of new business in insurance to $917m. 
We continued to enhance our wealth product 
offerings in the region, including launching 
Greater Bay Area Wealth Management 
Connect, and over 30 new asset management 
products. Globally, Wealth and Personal 
Banking customer lending balances were 
$489bn, an increase of 6% compared with 
2020, notably reflecting mortgage balance 
growth across all regions, but particularly in 
the UK and Hong Kong.
Commercial Banking
Our Commercial Banking business continued 
to grow our lending pipeline and maintain 
leadership in supporting cross-border trade. 
Customer lending volume increased 3% to 
$349bn in 2021, mainly from continued 
growth in trade and term lending. The 
recovery in global trade volumes was also 
reflected in higher fee income in Global Trade 
and Receivables Finance, where we saw a  
9% revenue growth compared with 2020. 
Over the same period, fee income in the 
overall Commercial Banking business also 
grew 9%, reaching approximately $3.6bn and 
surpassing pre-pandemic levels in 2019. 
We also committed to investing in global 
platforms and improving SME propositions 
in our key markets. Since the launch of our 
digital business banking account Kinetic in 
the UK in August 2020, we have reached 
approximately 24,000 customers at the 
end of 2021.
Global Banking and Markets
We repositioned our capital and resources in 
Global Banking and Markets to create capacity 
for growth opportunities, mainly into Asia and 
the Middle East, and to serve international 
clients that are aligned to our strategy. As part 
of our transformation programme, we reduced 
adjusted RWAs by approximately 10% to 
$236bn at 31 December 2021, driven by saves 
in our Western franchise, comprising our 
Europe and Americas businesses. Despite  
the focus on repositioning, the business 
performed well in 2021, with overall revenue 
reaching approximately $15bn, driven by 
strong performances in Equities, Capital 
Markets and Advisory and Securities Services. 
Collaboration with other businesses through 
cross-selling products remains important for 
us. In 2021, the business facilitated $2.5bn  
into Commercial Banking, an increase of 12% 
compared with 2020, and $1.4bn into Wealth 
and Personal Banking, an increase of 2%. 
$64bn
Net new invested assets in 2021.
$3.6bn
Fee income in 2021. 
18%
Adjusted RWA reduction in the West in 2021.
Repositioning for growth
We are repositioning our portfolio to support our areas of growth.
Restructuring the US and Europe
We aim to create capacity for growth by 
refocusing our US business and HSBC Bank 
plc, our non-ring-fenced bank in Europe and 
the UK. In May and June respectively, we 
announced the exit of mass market retail in the 
US, and the planned sale of our retail 
operations in France. Our plan to exit our US 
mass market retail banking business was 
completed in February 2022, which includes 
approximately $8.8bn of deposits held for sale 
and exiting and winding down approximately 
125 branches, leaving us with approximately 
25 international wealth centres. The planned 
sale of our France retail business includes a 
network (using values at 31 December 2021) 
of 244 retail branches, approximately 800,000 
customers, $24.9bn in customer loans and 
$22.6bn in deposits balances.
We also made strong progress in 2021 on 
reducing the capital and cost base in the 
two franchises. During the year, adjusted 
RWAs decreased $7bn in the US to $78bn at 
31 December 2021, while in HSBC Bank plc,  
they decreased by $22bn to $141bn. The 
respective balances at 31 December 2021 
included approximately $1.3bn relating to the 
announced US mass market retail disposal 
and approximately $7bn relating to the 
planned disposal of our France retail business. 
We also lowered the adjusted cost base in 
these franchises by 5% compared with 2020 
to $10.4bn, in spite of strong inflationary 
pressures in these markets.
Repositioning Asia for growth
We announced three key acquisitions in 2021 
to further strengthen our wealth franchise in 
Asia. In August, we entered an agreement to 
acquire AXA Singapore for $529m, with the 
intention to merge the business with the 
operations of our existing HSBC Life Singapore 
franchise. The acquisition was recently 
completed on 11 February 2022. The 
combined business would be the seventh 
largest life insurer in Singapore, based on 
annualised new premiums, and the fourth 
largest retail health insurer, based on gross 
premiums, with over 600,000 policies in-force, 
data as of end of 2020. In December, we 
announced the agreement to fully acquire 
L&T Investment Management, the 12th largest 
mutual fund management company in India 
with assets under management of $10.8bn 
and over 2.4 million portfolios as of September 
2021. We also received regulatory approval to 
acquire the remaining 50% stake in HSBC Life 
China, bringing our shareholder ownership to 
100% upon completion.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021
13
 
 

--- Page 16 ---
Strategic report | Our strategy
Digitise at scale
We continue to invest in our technology and 
operational capabilities to drive operating 
productivity across businesses and 
geographies and to offer better client 
experience. In 2021, approximately $6.0bn, 
or 19%, of our overall adjusted operating 
expenses were dedicated to technology (net 
of saves from our transformation programme), 
up from approximately $5.7bn in 2020. We 
aspire to progressively increase the share 
to greater than 21% by 2025. 
We have made progress on automating our 
organisation at scale. Our Cloud adoption rate, 
which is the percentage of our technology 
services on the private or public Cloud, 
increased from approximately 20% in 2020 to 
27% in 2021. We are also promoting an agile 
workforce to help equip our colleagues for 
the future of work. At the end of 2021, 15% 
of our total technology workforce in the 
global businesses and functions were aligned 
to at least one agile team per agile blueprint. 
This marks a significant improvement from 
5% in 2020.
Our digital engagement with customers also 
improved. At the end of 2021, 43% of our 
customers active on our mobile services had 
logged onto a HSBC mobile app at least once 
in the last 30 days, compared with 38% in 
2020. Our wholesale clients executed over 
9 million payments on HSBCnet’s mobile 
banking app, a 58% increase compared with 
2020. During the same period, the percentage 
of Commercial Banking transactions enabled 
digitally for HSBCnet grew from 83% to 94% 
in the 18 Asian markets where HSBCnet is 
available for wholesale clients. Across all our 
trade digital channels, 84% of transactions in 
2021 were initiated digitally by our customers, 
compared with 69% of transactions in 2020. 
Seeing these improvements, we endeavour 
to continue investing in technology that helps 
enhance our customers’ digital experiences.
Technology spend
as % of total adjusted operating expenses
2020
2020
2021
2025 ambition
2021
18
19
>21
Energise for growth 
In February 2021, we set out the case for 
a more effective, agile and empowered 
organisation that could execute on our 
ambitious journey. 
In 2021, our employee engagement score, 
a gauge of an employee’s propensity to 
recommend HSBC as a great place to work, 
was in line with 2020 at 72%, but notably up 
from 67% in 2019. This represents a strong 
endorsement of various initiatives around our 
purpose and values in our organisation.
Transition to net zero
Recruiting the right talent and diversifying our 
workforce remain important to us. We had 
31.7% of senior leadership roles held by 
women, which are roles classified as those 
at band 3 and above in our global career 
band structure. We are on track to meet 
our ambition of having more than 35% 
representation of women in these roles 
by 2025. 
We continue to energise our colleagues 
through initiatives that help develop their 
future skills and learning opportunities, 
especially in areas including data, digital and 
sustainability. In 2021, the average hours of 
training per full-time equivalent staff ('FTE')
increased to 26.7 hours from 23.0 hours 
in 2020. 
 We outline how we put our purpose and values 
into practice in the following 'How we do 
business' section. For further details on how 
we plan to energise for growth, see the Social 
section in the ESG review on page 66.
In November, we participated in COP26 to play 
our part in bringing together the public and 
private sector to mobilise this transition. We 
also made good progress on our ambitions, 
including setting targets for our on-balance 
sheet financed emissions and launching 
innovative climate solutions and products 
to support our customers in their transition 
to a net zero future. 
a policy to phase out thermal coal financing in 
EU and OECD markets by 2030, and globally 
by 2040. We have also set targets for our 
on-balance sheet financed emissions for the 
oil and gas, and power and utilities sectors. 
On the journey to net zero, we recognise that 
individual markets have their own unique 
circumstances that we intend to factor in 
when laying out our net zero approach.
Becoming a net zero bank
We have set a climate ambition to become net 
zero in our operations and supply chain by 
2030, and align our financed emissions to the 
Paris Agreement goal of net zero by 2050. In 
2021, we reduced our organisation’s absolute 
greenhouse gas emissions in our operations to 
341,000 tonnes, a decrease of 50.3% from the 
2019 baseline (the data for 2019 and 2020 has 
been revised as we have updated our air travel 
reporting methodology to include the cabin 
class travel and the impact of radiative forces, 
and therefore, the percentage change from 
2019 baseline is based on the revised 
methodology). In December, we published 
Supporting customers through transition
Our ambition is to support our customers in 
their transition to net zero and a sustainable 
future. In 2021, we provided and facilitated 
$82.6bn of sustainable finance and 
investment, taking the cumulative amount 
to $126.7bn since 1 January 2020, as part of 
our $750bn to $1tn by 2030 ambition. This 
comprised support including facilitation of 
capital flow and access to capital markets 
for sustainability-linked outcomes, as well as 
financing and investments in environmental 
and social goals such as decarbonisation of 
energy systems.
Unlocking new climate solutions 
Scaled innovation in critical areas such as next 
generation climate technologies, nature-based 
solutions and sustainable infrastructure will be 
critical to tackling climate change. In 
September, we launched a new debt financing 
fund for sustainable infrastructure in south-
east Asia in partnership (subject to regulatory 
approval) with Temasek, with $150m of seed 
capital and the ambition to deploy $1bn of 
financing over five years. We are leading the 
FAST-Infra initiative, which we co-founded 
to establish a consistent, globally applicable 
labelling system to identify and evaluate 
sustainable infrastructure assets. We are also 
supporting the Energy Transition Mechanism, 
a public-private partnership led by the Asian 
Development Bank, which endeavours to 
accelerate the retirement of coal-fired power 
stations and increase demand and 
investments in renewable energy. 
 For further details on our climate ambition, see 
the Environmental section in the ESG review 
on page 45.
14
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021

--- Page 17 ---
How we do business
 How we do business
We conduct our business intent on supporting the sustained success of our customers,  
people and other stakeholders.
Our approach
We recognise that it is important to be clear 
about who we are and what we stand for to 
create long-term value for our stakeholders. 
This will help us deliver our strategy and 
operate our business in a way that is 
sustainable. Following an extensive 
consultation with our people and customers, 
we refined our purpose and values. Our new 
purpose is ‘Opening up a world of opportunity’ 
and our ambition is to be the preferred 
international financial partner for our clients.
To achieve this in a way that is sustainable, we 
are guided by our values: we value difference; 
we succeed together; we take responsibility; 
and we get it done.
Our Covid-19 actions
Having a clear purpose and strong values has 
never been more important, with the Covid-19 
pandemic testing us all in ways we could 
never have anticipated. Since the world 
changed in 2020, we adapted to new ways of 
working and endeavoured to provide support 
to our customers during this challenging 
period. On the following page, we have set 
out further ways that we continued to support 
our stakeholders.
Fair outcomes
Our conduct approach guides us to do the 
right thing and to focus on the impact we have 
for our customers and the financial markets in 
which we operate. It complements our 
purpose and values and – together with more 
formal policies and the tools we have to do our 
jobs – provides a clear path to achieving our 
purpose and delivering our strategy. For 
further information on conduct, see page 83. 
For further details on our purpose-led conduct 
approach framework, see www.hsbc.com/
who-we-are.
Developing the skills of colleagues is critical 
to energising our organisation. We foster a 
culture of learning through a range of 
resources, providing colleagues with a breadth 
of educational materials and opportunities. 
As we continue to reshape the organisation, 
we are committed to managing change well, 
and redeploying impacted colleagues. In 2021, 
23% of colleagues impacted through 
restructuring programmes found new jobs 
within HSBC.
Our climate ambition
We have set a climate ambition to become net 
zero in our operations and our supply chain by 
2030, and align our financed emissions to the 
Paris Agreement goal of net zero by 2050. We 
have set on-balance sheet financed emissions 
targets for the oil and gas, and power and 
utilities sectors, aligned to the International 
Energy Agency’s (‘IEA’) net zero scenario, 
underpinned by a clear science-based 
strategy. To support our goal of net zero 
financed emissions, it will be crucial to unlock 
transition finance for our portfolio of clients. 
 For further details of our ESG disclosures, see 
our ESG review on page 42.
Our colleagues
Understanding the experience of colleagues 
is central to our efforts to open up a world of 
opportunity. Through our employee survey, 
Snapshot, we capture their views on issues 
from our strategy to their well-being to the 
future of work. These views will guide our 
approach as we embrace hybrid working. 
We value difference among our colleagues, 
which is why we continue to build an inclusive 
workforce. Having surpassed our 2020 target 
to reach 30% women in senior leadership 
roles – classified as those at band 3 and above 
in our global career band structure – we have 
made strong progress towards our goal to 
achieve 35% by 2025, with 31.7% achieved 
in 2021.
We expanded the ability for our colleagues to 
share their diversity characteristics, with over 
70% now able to self-identify their ethnic 
heritage, gender identity, disability and sexual 
orientation. This will help us to set locally 
appropriate goals, reflective of our markets. 
In July 2020, we set out our early global race 
commitments, which included the goal of 
doubling the number of Black employees in 
senior roles over the following five years. In 
2021, we put in place important foundations 
to achieve this goal. 
Update on our purpose and values
We relaunched our purpose in March 2021. 
We have been pleased to see how quickly 
our colleagues have embraced 'Opening up 
a world of opportunity’ as our purpose, and 
how they are delivering against it. You can 
find some examples from 2021 below. 
We have enabled the recognition of 
colleagues who have lived up to our 
values, and there have been over 600,000 
recognitions made in 2021.
 – We helped 268,771 people buy their first 
home, lending $92.9bn in mortgages. 
 – We provided $47bn in loans to our 
business banking customers to help 
support, grow, internationalise and digitise 
their businesses.
 – We facilitated $799bn of trade globally 
to help economies grow and prosper.
 – We supported over 270,000 students 
move internationally to study by providing 
key financial products including account 
openings, fund transfer and day-to-day 
finance management in their new countries.
 – Over 115,000 colleagues made use of 
our new learning platform, Degreed, 
during 2021.
 – We enabled over 30,000 colleagues to 
progress their careers at the Group by 
helping them move into new roles.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2021
15
