
--- Page 3 ---
C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R 
To Our Shareholders
Throughout our annual report this year, you’ll read 
about how Johnson & Johnson is bringing meaningful 
innovation to our patients and customers, and making 
a difference in their lives in a personal way—from 
Brunhilde Wecker, who made a full recovery from her stroke 
thanks to our new blood clot retrieval and removal device,  
to our own Bill Hait, an oncologist whose vision and insights 
helped accelerate the approval of a wholly new treatment for 
prostate cancer.  
  These stories remind us why health care is such a rewarding 
endeavor. They excite me about the future of Johnson & Johnson.
  Over the past few years, we have navigated steadily through a 
series of significant challenges, keeping a long-term perspective, 
maintaining a disciplined approach to 
managing our investments for growth and 
our portfolio of broadly based businesses, 
and staying true to our operating model and 
values. We have turned the corner on a 
particularly difficult period. 
In 2011, the year Johnson & Johnson 
celebrated its 125th anniversary, we 
returned to sales growth, launched a 
number of innovative new products to 
address unmet health care needs across the 
globe, and advanced our pipelines, which 
today are among the best in the industry.
  We strengthened our product portfolios 
and leadership positions in many areas, 
including immunology, oncology, surgical 
devices and emerging markets. And we 
focused on scientific innovation to maintain 
or build share in other key growth markets.
  We are delivering meaningful innovations in health care and 
building a more agile company to seize market opportunities.  
All the while, we’ve remained committed to Our Credo and the 
long-held values that have enabled us to succeed now for decades.
  Though we continue to face difficult and uncertain 
macroeconomic conditions, our ongoing investments have us 
well positioned to grow and increase our market leadership in 
one of the most important and rewarding industries in the world 
while delivering sustainable growth for our shareholders.
Our Five-Year JOu rneY
Several years ago, we set out to build on our strong foundation 
and sustain our track record of growth, even as we prepared to 
address a daunting challenge: the patent expirations for two of 
our major drugs, RISPERDAL® (risperidone) and TOPAMAX® 
(topiramate). Together, these products had combined peak-year 
sales of more than $6 billion. We also prepared ourselves for 
other market issues to which we had a good line of sight.
  Additional developments could not be as easily foreseen:  
the severe economic decline; the tightening of consumer 
spending and health care budgets; over-the-counter (OTC) 
product quality issues at McNeil Consumer Healthcare and  
the recall of the DePuy ASR™ Hip System.
  Our company was severely tested. 
In managing through this stretch, we relied heavily on the resolve 
of our people and on our time-tested business model: our broad 
base in health care, our decentralized management structure, 
managing for the long term and the values set forth in Our Credo. 
  We made necessary restructurings to our business to manage 
our cost structure, simplify our operations, and ensure the most 
efficient use of our capital for the long-term benefit of patients 
and shareholders.
       Our management team and employees 
took critical actions to preserve the core 
values and strengths of our business.  
We remained committed to retaining the 
trust of our patients and customers, taking 
responsibility and instituting new measures 
to ensure that our products live up to the 
high quality standards that our customers 
expect and deserve.
       As 2011 came to a close, we moved through 
a turning point. The headwinds from patent 
expirations, tough portfolio choices, litigation 
matters and OTC product quality issues had 
been, or were being, addressed. 
       At the same time, our continued 
investments in research and development 
(R&D), equaling nearly $37 billion over the 
past five years, yielded nine major approvals 
for new pharmaceutical products in the 
United States—including STELARA® (ustekinumab) and SIMPONI® 
(golimumab) in immunology; PREZISTA® (darunavir) and 
INTELENCE® (etravirine) in HIV; ZYTIGA® (abiraterone acetate) in 
oncology; and XARELTO® (rivaroxaban) in cardiovascular disease. 
  The emphasis we place on R&D has also led to exciting 
innovations in our Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) and 
Consumer platforms, such as contact lenses, electrophysiology, 
advanced energy, biosurgicals, oral care and skin care.
  We have replenished or advanced our pipelines with new 
technologies, like the Fibrin Pad for hemostasis, as well as 
compounds like canagliflozin for diabetes and bapineuzumab for 
Alzheimer’s disease.
  With our focus on financial discipline, capital has been  
returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share 
repurchases. Capital has also been used for important long-term 
investments in strategic alliances and acquisitions like Pfizer 
Consumer Healthcare and Beijing Dabao Cosmetics Company, Ltd. 
in the Consumer business; Crucell N.V. and Elan Corporation plc  
in our Pharmaceuticals business; and the pending acquisition  
Wi lli am C. WeldOn
Chairman, Board of Directors, and  
Chief Executive Officer
C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R
1
 
 
 
 

--- Page 4 ---
of Synthes, Inc. in the MD&D business.
  When I look back at how we faced this period of industry and 
global change, and how we have managed, I am proud of the 
people of Johnson & Johnson. They have shown the ingenuity, 
resiliency, tenacity, integrity and compassion that you would 
expect of a global leader in human health care.
2011 results
Johnson & Johnson returned to delivering operational sales growth 
in 2011. We grew adjusted earnings1 for the 28th consecutive year. 
Our worldwide sales were $65.0 billion, an increase of 5.6 percent. 
Sales increased operationally 2.8 percent, reflecting the strength of 
new product launches in our Pharmaceuticals business segment, 
steady performance across our MD&D franchise, science-based 
innovations in our Consumer business and strong growth in 
emerging markets. 
  Approximately 70 percent of our sales were from products with 
No. 1 or No. 2 global market share positions. Approximately 
25 percent of our sales were from products introduced in the past 
five years.
  With our continued focus on financial discipline, our adjusted 
earnings were $13.9 billion1 and adjusted earnings per share were 
$5.001, representing increases of 4.4 percent and 5.0 percent, 
respectively.
  We invested $7.5 billion in R&D and advanced robust pipelines 
across all three of our business segments. 
  We generated significant free cash flow of approximately 
$11.4 billion2, maintained our AAA credit rating and increased the 
dividend to our shareholders for the 49th consecutive year.
  Solid and consistent returns to shareholders have been a 
hallmark of Johnson & Johnson. During 2011, we generated a  
one-year total shareholder return of nearly 10 percent, exceeding 
the Standard & Poor’s 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average. Over 
longer timeframes, we continue to compare favorably to those 
indices. With a long-term management focus, our company has 
remained a solid investment choice for decades. (For more details, 
see the 2011 Business Segment Highlights on pages 4 and 5.)
FOr Ces shaping health  Ca re
As we look ahead, we see three major forces shaping the health 
care environment: macroeconomic conditions, the role of 
government payers and regulators, and industry trends. Clearly, 
each poses continuing challenges. But inherent in each are also 
opportunities … and we are seizing them. 
•  Macroeconomic conditions: Slowing economic growth, the 
uncertainty in financial markets, high unemployment and 
pressure on health care costs have all contributed to 
constraints on health care spending. 
These dynamics are balanced by demographic trends that 
are creating demand for health care. Populations in the 
developed world are aging rapidly, and we consume more 
health care as we grow older. Global expansion and growth, 
though slower than a few years ago, also lead to growing 
demand for health care, especially in emerging markets. 
  Our investments continue to be aligned with these market 
opportunities to address unmet medical needs. Cancers, 
mental health disorders, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, 
rheumatoid arthritis and HIV are all among the most 
significant diseases—and they are markets where today we 
either have leadership or are increasing investments to gain 
leadership.
•  Government payers and regulators: As health care reform 
evolves around the world, governments are requiring more 
cost-effective health care solutions. 
  We recognize these priorities and are making investments 
in personalized medicine and companion diagnostics, 
especially in the areas of oncology and anti-psychotics, that 
are geared toward how we can better target treatments, 
monitor results and be more efficient in product development.
As the regulatory environment has become much more 
intense, we share a common goal with regulators: saving lives, 
easing people’s suffering and addressing unmet medical needs 
with meaningful innovations. We support strong regulatory 
environments that ensure patient safety while enabling the 
fast and efficient approval of potentially life-saving medicines 
and treatments.
•  Industry trends: Bringing new innovations to market 
requires significant investments, access to the best minds  
and talent, and adaptability to ever-changing markets. 
It is more important than ever for companies to be agile, 
collaborative and able to thrive with new business models.  
We have always looked to complement our development 
efforts with acquisitions and collaborations that help us  
gain new capabilities or provide access to technology, 
products and compounds that we can accelerate to market. 
The collaborations in Alzheimer’s disease with Elan and Pfizer, 
and in HIV with Gilead Sciences, Inc., are just a few of our 
promising ventures. 
Well pO s it iOned F Or gr OWth
Overall, Johnson & Johnson is well positioned to address these 
evolving market forces and opportunities: 
•  Because of the ways we are delivering meaningful innovations 
to patients and customers; 
•  Because of the steps we have taken to build a more agile company; 
•  And because of our commitment to the operating model and 
N ET   S A L ES 
(in billions of dollars)
D I LU T E D   E A R NI N G S   P E R   SH A RE 
(in dollars)
$4.78
$61.1
$63.7
$61.9
$61.6
$65.0
$4.57
$4.40
D I V ID E ND S   PA I D   P E R   S H A RE 
(in dollars)
$1.795
$1.930
$2.110
$2.250
$3.63
$3.49
$1.620
2007
2008
2009
2010
201 1
2 0 07
2 0 0 8
2 0 0 9
2 0 1 0
2 0 1 1
2 0 07
2 0 0 8
2 0 0 9
2 0 1 0
2 01 1
2
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
 
 
 

--- Page 5 ---
values that have enabled such a consistent track record of 
success.
aChieving meaningFul innO vatiOn
We have learned there are many paths to achieving meaningful 
innovation. For us, the first step is to identify the significant unmet 
need and market opportunity where we believe Johnson & Johnson 
can make a difference for patients.
  We first look for areas where we have capabilities, insights and 
unique advantages that can shape the opportunity. Then we 
search both inside and outside our companies to find the latest 
science and research to address these needs. In addition to our 
own R&D, we use strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, 
acquisitions and venture capital investments to give us insight 
into and access to the next big breakthrough. Finally, we leverage 
the breadth of our resources in development, supply chain, 
marketing and sales to bring these innovative products to market.
  Our Pharmaceuticals business has followed this model with its 
pursuit of better treatments for hepatitis C and cardiovascular 
disease. For hepatitis C, which infects about 170 million people 
worldwide, we partnered with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. on the 
development of telaprevir. It was approved in 2011 and is now 
being marketed as INCIVO® in Europe. 
  Also in 2011, we partnered with Bayer Healthcare on the 
development and launch of XARELTO®, for prevention of deep 
vein thrombosis in knee or hip replacement surgery and for 
reducing the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients 
with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
   Other times, we may choose an acquisition to broaden our 
portfolio with a new capability or to gain entry into a new piece of 
the market with a technology we don’t have in our own pipeline.  
That was the case with the REVIVE™ SE Device, the innovative 
product that helped save Mrs. Wecker’s life, which came to us 
through the acquisition of Micrus Endovascular LLC in 2010. It is 
now an important new option in the treatment of ischemic stroke. 
In the case of the Fibrin Pad, we started out as strategic partners 
with Israel-based Omrix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., working to solve 
unmet medical needs in surgical bleeding. As the collaboration 
developed, we determined that an acquisition would allow us to 
better manage the complex development and intricate regulatory 
filings necessary to achieve success for this convergent product, 
which is anxiously awaited by surgeons.
  Another approach is to use our broad base of businesses and 
expertise to tackle a disease state on multiple fronts. Diabetes is 
one example. We can offer devices like blood glucose monitors 
and insulin pumps; develop new drugs, as we are with 
canagliflozin; and help patients and consumers achieve healthier 
living through our Consumer Wellness & Prevention business  
and nutritional products such as SPLENDA® Sweeteners.
Operating With a gi li tY On  a  Ba se OF s trOng v alue s
Just as important as the way we innovate is the way we operate. 
We have focused on improving our operations to reflect our 
commitment to delivering high-quality products and to adapt to 
the rapidly evolving marketplace. 
  Beyond meaningful innovations and agility, the foundation of 
our decades of sustained growth remains an unwavering 
commitment to our operating model and values.
  The tenets of Our Credo provide a clear focus for how we 
approach each decision: patients and customers first, then our 
employees, our communities, and our shareholders.
  The last few years have offered significant challenges, but our 
commitment to Our Credo has remained the foundation of our 
response. It provides a common set of values that hold together 
our approximately 118,000 employees in 60 countries and more 
than 250 operating companies. 
  Our responsibility as a global citizen is rooted in Our Credo. 
For more than 125 years our innovations and philanthropy have 
touched the lives of billions of people, particularly in areas of the 
world where access to basic health care is a challenge. 
In 2011, we were honored to be recognized by the United 
Nations as Humanitarian of the Year for our work in this regard. 
We reported strong progress in the inaugural year of our five-year 
pledge to help save and improve the lives of 120 million women 
and children annually in developing countries as part of the 
United Nations Millennium Development Goals. 
  We are proud of this and the many other programs driven by the 
passion of our employees and hundreds of equally passionate 
partners around the world. 
O ur COmmitmen t tO Y Ou 
It has been an honor and a privilege to serve as your Chief 
Executive Officer for these past 10 years. Our success in 
developing outstanding leaders from within Johnson & Johnson is 
reflected in the selection of Alex Gorsky as the next CEO to lead 
our great company forward, effective on April 26, 2012, the date of 
our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The decision involved a 
rigorous, thorough and formal multi-year process.  
  Alex is an experienced and disciplined leader who will take the 
reins of our company during a turbulent time for health care but a 
very promising time for Johnson & Johnson.
I can assure you, our shareholders, that Johnson & Johnson will 
continue to shape and lead the future of health care. We will do 
this by delivering meaningful innovations to patients and 
customers, building a more agile business to seize new market 
opportunities, and remaining committed to a proven operating 
model and set of values, embodied by Our Credo, that make all of 
us proud.
  Thanks to the extraordinary achievements and dedication of 
our people, Johnson & Johnson is better positioned today than at 
any time in recent history to deliver sustainable growth for you, 
our loyal shareholders.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 14, 2012
1 Excludes special items.
2  Free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending. See 
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 72.
C H A I R M A N ’ S   L E T T E R
3
 
 
 

--- Page 6 ---
2011 Business Segment 
Highlights
A fter two challenging years,  
Johnson & Johnson returned  
to delivering operational sales 
growth in 2011. We continued to 
strengthen our platform for leadership 
and profitable growth through new 
product launches, strong pipelines and 
investments in key growth areas.
Johnson & Johnson has three distinct business segments  
that share a common focus on human health. 
pharmaCeutiC als
With $24.4 billion in sales in 2011, we are the eighth  largest 
pharmaceuticals business in the world and the sixth largest 
biotech business. Strong operational growth of 6.2 percent 
was driven by recently launched products like STELARA® 
(ustekinumab), SIMPONI® (golimumab), ZYTIGA® (abiraterone 
acetate), INCIVO® (telaprevir) and INVEGA® SUSTENNA® 
(paliperidone palmitate).
  Through 2011, we built on the continued success of recently 
launched products to strengthen our leadership position 
in core therapeutic areas including immunology, infectious 
disease, neuroscience and oncology. For products launched 
between 2009 and 2011, Johnson & Johnson led the United 
States in new pharmaceutical products this past year.
  We expanded our immunology leadership and sales with the 
amendment to our global distribution agreement with Merck & Co. 
on our largest-selling product, REMICADE® (infliximab), and 
SIMPONI® (golimumab). 
  We also received approval of INCIVO® in Europe for  
hepatitis C, which is marketed as INCIVEK™ by our strategic 
partner, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., in the U.S.
  We completed the acquisition of Crucell N.V., building a 
key leadership position in vaccines. And we entered into new 
collaborations with companies like Pharmacyclics, Inc., with 
which we will jointly develop and market an anti-cancer 
compound, building our strength in oncology.
In terms of pipeline progress in 2011, we were the U.S. 
leader in new molecular entity approvals with three: ZYTIGA® 
in oncology,  XARELTO® (rivaroxaban) in cardiovascular 
disease and EDURANT® (rilpivirine) in HIV. This progress 
in the Pharmaceuticals business segment is the result of our 
commitment to continued investment in product launches  
and pipeline compounds.
mediC al de viCes and diagnO stiCs
With $25.8 billion in sales in 2011, our Medical Devices and 
Diagnostics (MD&D) business unit is the largest medical device 
business in the world. Operational sales growth was just under 
2 percent.
  The year saw many challenges in several MD&D markets, as 
well as issues with the DePuy ASR™ Hip System recall. European 
austerity measures, pricing pressures and a slowdown in elective 
surgeries driven by continued economic pressures have all 
contributed to more tempered growth rates. Despite these 
challenges, our MD&D business segment is competing well in  
a global market that has undergone dynamic change. 
In 2011, MD&D showed strong double-digit growth  
in the BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China) markets  
where we have introduced many innovative products. 
Meanwhile, in Asia-Pacific and Europe, we have been rolling  
out 1-DAY ACUVUE® MOIST® Brand Contact Lenses for 
ASTIGMATISM. 
  We continued to advance important products through  
the regulatory process. In 2011, 75 percent of the MD&D 
pipeline advanced to the next major milestone. Breakthrough 
products like the SEDASYS® System, the first computer-assisted 
personalized sedation system, and the Fibrin Pad, in the area  
of surgical bleeding, are progressing with the U.S. Food and  
Drug Administration. We also are increasing investments 
in emerging markets, with new innovation centers in India 
and China, while continuing to support a number of training 
institutes around the world. 
4
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
 
 
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
  With these actions and others, our 
MD&D business unit has been able to 
sustain the No. 1 or No. 2 leadership 
positions in 80 percent of our key 
platforms while growing or maintaining 
share in the majority of these platforms.
  We’ve also made some strategic 
portfolio decisions in this business 
segment, such as refocusing our 
cardiovascular business. In 2011, 
we exited the drug-eluting stent 
business and shifted investments to 
higher-growth, higher-need areas like 
electrophysiology. These decisions 
will help to fund growth potential in 
other promising areas. Decisions to 
acquire Synthes, Inc. and strengthen 
our leadership position in orthopaedics, 
as well as our acquisition of SterilMed, 
Inc. for its experience in re-processing 
surgical instruments, are examples of 
how we are continuously looking across 
our business for the best long-term 
growth opportunities.
COnsumer
With $14.9 billion in sales in 2011, 
our Consumer business segment is 
the sixth largest consumer health care 
company in the world. Operational sales 
declined just under 1 percent, reflecting 
the impact of remediation and supply 
issues associated with our U.S. over-the-
counter (OTC) business. The decline was 
partially offset by solid growth in certain 
franchises including Skin Care and Oral 
Care, with strong performances from 
NEUTROGENA® and the LISTERINE® 
Mouthwash brands. 
  Our Consumer group continued 
expanding into emerging markets 
with the acquisition of a line of OTC 
cough-and-cold brands in Russia from 
J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals 
Limited. We also continued to innovate, 
introducing NEUTROGENA® Naturals, 
AVEENO® SMART ESSENTIALS™, 
NICORETTE® QUICKMIST™ and 
LISTERINE® ZERO™.
  The recovery and remediation of  
the McNeil Consumer Healthcare 
business continues. The major 
commitments to date under the Consent 
Decree with the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration have been achieved, and 
several products have already returned 
to market. Volume will continue to ramp 
up, and products will be reintroduced 
throughout 2012. 
pharmaceutical segment sales
sales by major product  
(in billions of dollars)
REMICADE®
$5.5
19.1%
2011 Sales: $24.4   
Sales Change
    Total: 8.8%
    Operational*: 6.2%
PROCRIT®/EPREX®
$1.6
(16.1%)
 RISPERDAL® CONSTA®
$1.6
5.5%
VELCADE®
$1.3
18.0%
PREZISTA®
$1.2
41.3%
LEVAQUIN®/FLOXIN®
$0.6
(54.1%)
CONCERTA®
$1.3
(3.9%)
ACIPHEX®/PARIET®
$1.0
(3.1%)
medical devices and diagnostics 
segment sales
sales by major Franchise 
(in billions of dollars)
ETHICON  
ENDO-SURGERY®
$5.1
6.8%
2011 Sales: $25.8   
Sales Change
    Total: 4.8%
    Operational*: 1.7%
ETHICON®
$4.9
8.2%
OTHER
$10.3
18.2%
ORTHO-CLINICAL
DIAGNOSTICS®
$2.2
5.4%
VISION  
CARE
$2.9
8.8%
DIABETES CARE
$2.6
7.4%
Consumer segment sales
sales by major Franchise 
(in billions of dollars)
2011 Sales: $14.9
Sales Change
    Total: 2.0%
    Operational*: (0.7%) 
OTC 
PHARMACEUTICALS  
& NUTRITIONALS
$4.4
(3.2%)
 DEPUY®
$5.8
4.0%
  CARDIOVASCULAR
CARE
$2.3
(10.3%)
SKIN CARE
$3.7
7.6%
WOMEN’S 
HEALTH
$1.8
 (2.8%)
 WOUND CARE/
OTHER
$1.0
0.0%
2 0 1 1   B U S I N E S S   H I G H L I G H T S
5
*Operationalexcludestheimpactofcurrency
ORAL CARE
$1.6
6.4%
BABY CARE
$2.4
5.9%

--- Page 8 ---
P H A R M A C E U T I C A L S
Accelerating	Cancer	R&D
For	Bill	Hait,	the	most	compelling	science	is	that	
which	holds	the	greatest	promise	for	developing	
medicines	that	address	high	unmet	needs.		
“A	network	that	allows	you	to	have	insights	into	
what	is	going	on	in	the	world	of	science	is	essential,”		
says	Hait,	M.D.,	Ph.D.,	Global	Head,	Janssen	Research	&	
Development,	LLC.	“It	takes	an	understanding	of	both		
the	medical	need	and	the	most	compelling	science	to		
get	meaningful	innovations	to	patients	quickly.”	
	 One	example	is ZYTIGA®	(abiraterone	
acetate),	an	oral,	once-daily	medication	
for	use	in	combination	with	prednisone	
for	the	treatment	of	men	with	metastatic	
castration-resistant	prostate	cancer	
(CRPC)	who	have	received	prior	
chemotherapy	containing	docetaxel.	
The	U.S.	Food	and	Drug	Administration	
granted	marketing	approval	for	ZYTIGA®	
in	April	2011	after	an	expedited	
six-month	review.	An	accelerated	
regulatory	review	process	granted	by	
the	European	Medicines	Agency	led	to	
marketing	authorization	by	the	European	
Commission	in	September	2011.
	 How	this	transformative	prostate	
cancer	treatment	came	to	market	
exemplifies	a	fundamental	shift	in	the	
approach	to	research	and	development	
that	is	being	applied	across	Janssen	
Research	&	Development.
surgical	reduction	of	hormones,	some	
cancers	continue	to	rely	on	them.	Before	
the	approval	of	ZYTIGA®,	treatment	
options	to	extend	life	for	men	with	
this	kind	of	metastatic	castration-
resistant	prostate	cancer	were	limited	to	
chemotherapy.	When	this	was	no	longer	
effective,	patients	were	out	of	treatment	
options.
	 Abiraterone	acetate	was	discovered	
by	Imperial	Cancer	Research	at	Royal	
Marsden	Hospital	in	London.	It	was	
licensed	to	Cougar	Biotechnology,	Inc.,	
which	began	testing	the	compound	in	men	
with	CRPC	who	were	taking	androgen	
deprivation	therapy.
“This	breakthrough	research	hinged	
on	scientific	understanding	of	the	tumor	
micro-environment—specifically,	the	idea	
that	the	tumor	itself	could	be	the	source	
of	the	remaining	testosterone,”	says	
compound	leader	for	abiraterone	acetate	
Michael	L.	Meyers,	M.D.,	Ph.D.,	Janssen	
Research	&	Development,	LLC.
Transforming ProsTaTe  Ca nCer 
TreaTmenT
Globally,	prostate	cancer	is	the	second	
most	frequently	diagnosed	cancer	in	men	
and	the	fifth	most	common	cancer	overall.			
According	to	estimates	by	the	National	
Cancer	Institute,	more	than	240,000	new	
cases	of	prostate	cancer	were	diagnosed	in	
the	U.S.	in	2011,	while	nearly	34,000	men	
died	from	the	disease.
	 Androgen	hormones,	such	as	
testosterone,	are	known	to	fuel	prostate	
cancer	tumors,	and	despite	chemical	or	
“By	identifying	the	key	science	for	
these	patients	and	the	fact	that	this	drug	
was	already	being	developed,	the	way	
to	accelerate	the	process	was	to	try	to	
collaborate	or	acquire	the	drug,”	says	Hait,	
who	recognized	the	value	of	abiraterone	
acetate	and	championed	the	acquisition	
of	Cougar	Biotechnology.	“The	fact	that	
it	worked	so	well	shortened	the	timeline	
between	the	start	of	the	Phase	III	trial	and	
registration	of	the	drug.”
Johnson	&	Johnson	acquired	Cougar	
Biotechnology	in	July	2009.	Based	on	
positive	results	from	a	completed	Phase	III	
study,	marketing	applications	were	filed	
with	regulatory	authorities	in	the	U.S.,	
Europe	and	other	countries	in	2010.	The	
entire	development	program	proceeded	
very	rapidly:	It	was	less	than	six	years	from	
the	time	the	first	patient	was	treated	to	
marketing	approvals	in	the	U.S.,	Canada,	
the	European	Union	and	Switzerland.
a new aP Proa Ch T o  CanCer r&D
A	noted	oncologist	before	joining	
Johnson	&	Johnson	in	March	2007,	Hait	
has	been	a	catalyst	for	change,	bringing	
focus	and	helping	to	centralize	R&D	within	
therapeutic	areas.	Within	oncology,	Hait	
created	Tumor	Strategy	Groups	(TSG)	
focused	on	three	areas	of	high	unmet	
need:	hematological	malignancies,	lung	
cancer	and	prostate	cancer.	TSGs	further	
specialize	by	using	the	tumor	micro-
environment	as	the	strategic	research	focus.
“The	tumor	is	no	longer	viewed	as	a	
tumor	cell	living	in	isolation.	A	tumor	cell	
is	very	close	to	its	environment,	and	it’s	
using	its	environment	to	grow	better,”		
says	Hait.
	 That	kind	of	insight	enabled	the	
paradigm-changing	scientific	progress	
that	led	to	ZYTIGA®,	validating	the	TSG	
approach.
Importantly,	Hait	also	helped	open	
minds	to	look	beyond	the	company’s	own	
labs	and	invest	in	science,	wherever	that	
science	may	be.	
“Drug	development	is	very	competitive	
and	difficult,”	says	Hait.	“One	way	to	be	at	
the	cutting	edge	is	not	to	be	walled	inside	
your	own	brick	and	mortar.	You	have	to	
be	out	there	to	see	the	most	exciting	new	
things	that	are	developing.”
	 Collaborations	are	one	way	of	being	out	
there,	and	they	promise	to	fuel	advances	
in	oncology	research	and	development.	
For	example,	an	ongoing	agreement	with	
the	David	H.	Koch	Institute	for	Integrative	
6
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
	
	
 
	
	
	
	
	
	

--- Page 9 ---
sig hT s seT o n s CienCe  Bill	Hait	has	a	vision	for	future	research	and	development.		
The	focus	is	on	finding	and	mining	the	most	compelling	science	to	bring	products	to	market	faster.
Cancer	Research	at	the	Massachusetts	
Institute	of	Technology	fosters	oncology	
research	and	technology	development	
in	the	areas	of	cancer	diagnostics,	cancer	
biology	pre-malignancies,	genetic	models	
of	disease	and	profiles	of	the	tumor	micro-
environment.
	 Another	important	collaboration,	
announced	in	January	2011,	is	with	
Massachusetts	General	Hospital	to	develop	
and	commercialize	a	next-generation	
circulating	tumor	cell	(CTC)	technology	for	
capturing,	counting	and	characterizing	
tumor	cells	found	in	patients’	blood.	It	will	
enable	CTCs	to	be	used	both	by	oncologists,	
as	a	diagnostic	tool	for	personalizing	
patient	care,	and	by	researchers,	to	
accelerate	and	improve	the	process	of		
drug	discovery	and	development.
	 Hait	says	the	key	to	meaningful	
collaborations	is	to	have	the	right	people	
internally.	“Like-minded	people	seek	each	
other	out,”	says	Hait.	“At	the	end	of	the	day	
it’s	the	terms	of	the	contract,	but	to	get	to	
that	point	the	other	company	or	group	has	
to	have	confidence	that	the	people	they	are	
working	with	are	really	experts.”	
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
7

--- Page 10 ---
Curing  
Hepatitis C
INCIVO®	(telaprevir)*,	a	new	
direct-acting	antiviral	protease	
inhibitor	for	the	treatment	of	
genotype	1**	chronic	hepatitis	C	
virus	(HCV)	in	combination	
with	pegylated	interferon	and	
ribavirin,	was	approved	in	
European	Member	States	in	
September	2011.	“The	arrival	
of	direct-acting	antivirals	will	
offer	more	patients	hope	for	
a	cure,”	says	Charles	Gore,	
President,	World	Hepatitis	
Alliance.
	 According	to	the	World	
Health	Organization,	about	
170	million	people	worldwide	
are	infected	with	hepatitis	C.	
Because	it	can	have	serious	
long-term	health	consequences
—such	as	cirrhosis,	liver	
cancer	and	liver	transplanta-
tion—hepatitis	C	carries	a	high	
economic	burden	for	patients	
and	society.
	 Named	one	of	the	top	10	
medical	innovations	of	2011	by	
the	Cleveland	Clinic,	telaprevir	
doubles	the	chances	of	clearing	
the	virus	in	half	the	treatment	
time	compared	with	prior	
standard	treatments	in	the	
majority	of	HCV	genotype	1	
patients.	
Jim	Witek,	Global	Medical	
Affairs	Leader	for	INCIVO®,	
says	this	product	is	a	new	
highlight	of	the	Janssen	
Pharmaceutical	Companies’	
expanding	infectious	disease	
portfolio.	“Our	R&D	in	serious	
infections	such	as	HIV/AIDS,	
HCV	and	tuberculosis	has	
allowed	us	to	bring	innovative	
therapies	that	are	helping	to		
redefine	and	improve	treat-
ment	outcomes,”	he	says.	
*	INCIVO®	(telaprevir)	was	co-developed	
by	Vertex	Pharmaceuticals	and	Tibotec,	
an	affiliate	of	Janssen	Pharmaceutical	
Companies	of	Johnson	&	Johnson.		
The	Janssen	Companies	have	the	right	to	
commercialize	telaprevir	in	Europe,	Latin	
America,	the	Middle	East,	Africa,	India,	
Australia	and	New	Zealand	under	the	
commercial	name	INCIVO®.
**	The	most	common	genotype	in	Europe	
and	the	U.S.
Moving From Treatment
to Prevention
Vaccines	are	fundamentally	
different	from	pharmaceutical	
medicines.	
“A	vaccine	prepares		
the	body	for	whenever	a	virus	
attacks	you,”	explains	Jaap	
Goudsmit,	Chief	Scientific	
Officer,	Crucell	N.V.	“You	
vaccinate	healthy	people,	
whereas	drugs	are	used	to	treat	
sick	people.	The	aim	of	
vaccination	is	to	prevent	
disease.”
It	takes	more	than	scientific	
expertise.	As	our	Pharmaceu-
ticals	business	grows	beyond	
a	treatment	model	to	one	
that	includes	prevention	with	
vaccines,	an	equally	important	
consideration	is	the	ability	to	
make	hundreds	of	millions	
of	doses	of	vaccine	at	a	price	
that’s	affordable	for	the		
majority	of	the	globe.
	 That’s	what	Crucell,	
acquired	by	an	affiliate	of	
Johnson	&	Johnson	in		
February	2011,	is	working		
to	do	with	a	new,	ultramodern	
manufacturing	facility	in	
Incheon,	South	Korea.		
One	of	the	largest	such	
facilities	in	the	world,	it	is	
capable	of	making	more	than	
100	million	doses	per	year		
of	pentavalent	vaccine,		
a	combination	of	five	vaccines	
in	one:	diphtheria,	tetanus,	
whooping	cough,	hepatitis	B	
and	haemophilus	influenza	
type	b	(the	bacteria	that		
causes	meningitis,	pneumonia	
and	otitis).	The	facility	makes	
half	of	all	the	pentavalent	
m a nUfa C T Ur i n g  V a C Ci n e s  
Kyung	Mi	Choi	works	at	
Crucell’s	ultramodern	vaccine	
manufacturing	facility,		
which	opened	in	2011	in	
Incheon,	South	Korea.		
It	is	one	of	the	largest	such	
facilities	in	the	world.
vaccine	used	worldwide	by	
UNICEF,	the	world’s	largest	
distributor	of	childhood	
vaccines.	
	 Crucell	is	also	working	to	
evaluate	possibilities	of	using	
vaccines	beyond	preventing	
infectious	diseases.	One	area	of	
focus	is	prevention	of	diseases	
of	the	elderly,	such	as	certain	
cancers	and	Alzheimer’s		
disease.
“We	dream	of	a	world		
where	there	are	no	more		
infectious	diseases,”	says	Johan	
Van	Hoof,	Managing	Director,	
Crucell.	“Or	where	there	are	
infectious	diseases,	they’re	
under	control.”	
8
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
	
	
	
	

--- Page 11 ---
Addressing the Burden of HIV
In	March	2011,	several	non-	
exclusive	licenses	were	granted	
to	generic	manufacturers	in	
South	Africa	and	India	to	
manufacture,	market	and	
distribute	rilpivirine,	an	
investigational	anti-HIV	
medication	subsequently	
granted	approval	by	the	U.S.	
Food	and	Drug	Administration	
(FDA)	and	the	European	
Medicines	Agency.
“Johnson	&	Johnson	has		
expanded	the	scope	of	its	
Global	Access	Program	and	
licensed	generic	partners	to	
speed	access	to	rilpivirine,	
an	important	new	medicine	
to	treat	HIV,”	says	Alan	
Staple,	Manager	of	Strategic	
Relationships,	the	Clinton	
Health	Access	Initiative.
	 Agreements	now	exist	with	
five	generic	manufacturers	to	
ensure	widespread	access	to	
and	supply	of	rilpivirine,	both	
as	a	single-agent	medicine	and	
as	a	fixed-dose	combination	
with	multiple	medicines	in	one	
tablet	that	will	simplify	HIV	
therapy.	Four	of	these	agree-
ments	were	signed	prior	to	
receiving	regulatory	approvals	
for	rilpivirine,	allowing	generic	
manufacturers	to	make	generic	
rilpivirine	and	the	combination	
pill	available	more	quickly.	
Collaboration	with	generic	
companies	extends	beyond	
licensing	to	sharing	technical	
skills	and	providing	help	to		
ensure	safety	and	quality	as	well.
In	May	2011,	the	FDA	
granted	approval	of	EDURANT®	
(rilpivirine)	for	treatment-
naïve	adults	(those	who	have	
never	taken	HIV	therapy).	It	is	
the	third	anti-HIV	medication	
commercialized	by	Janssen	
Therapeutics,	Division	of		
Janssen	Products,	LP;	together	
with	PREZISTA®	(darunavir)	
and	INTELENCE®	(etravirine),	
the	company	can	provide		
treatment	options	for	patients	
at	all	stages	of	the	disease.	
	 Since	2007,	licensing	agree-
ments	have	been	used	with	
generic	manufacturers	to	make	
these	HIV	medicines	available	
at	a	low	special	access	price	to	
65	countries	that	have	a	high	
HIV	burden,	including	India	
and	nations	in	sub-Saharan	
Africa.	More	recently	the	agree-
ments	have	been	modified	to	
provide	access	to	rilpivirine		
in	112	low-resource	countries,	
including	Vietnam	and		
Thailand,	covering	more	than	
80	percent	of	people	living		
with	HIV	worldwide.	
a C Ce s s  T o m eDiCi n e s    
HIV	medications	help	Thabo	
feel	strong	so	he	can	enjoy	
time	with	his	mother	in	South	
Africa.	Johnson	&	Johnson	
expanded	its	Global	Access	
Program	in	2011	to	make	its	
HIV	portfolio	available	to	
more	people	like	him,	who	
otherwise	might	not	get	the	
medicines	they	need.
Expanding 
Our
Immunology 
Leadership
In	2011,	global	approvals	and	
an	amended	distribution	
agreement	with	Merck	&	Co.,	
Inc.	helped	Janssen	
Pharmaceuticals,	Inc.	expand	
its	leadership	and	geographic	
presence	in	immunology,	
serving	more	patients.		
  STELARA®	(ustekinumab),		
a	treatment	for	moderate	to	
severe	plaque	psoriasis	now	
approved	in	61	countries,	was	
recognized	with	the	prestigious	
Prix	Galien	USA	Award	as	the	
Best	Biotechnology	Product.	
STELARA®	is	in	Phase	III	
studies	for	the	treatment	of	
psoriatic	arthritis	and	Crohn’s	
disease,	and	Phase	II	studies	for	
the	treatment	of	sarcoidosis	and	
primary	biliary	cirrhosis.
	 SIMPONI®	(golimumab),	a	
once-monthly	subcutaneously	
administered	anti-TNF-alpha	
therapy,	has	now	achieved	
approvals	in	45	countries.	
SIMPONI®	is	in	Phase III	stud-
ies	for	treatment	of	ulcerative	
colitis	and	juvenile	idiopathic	
arthritis,	and	as	an	intravenous	
formulation	for	rheumatoid	
arthritis.	It	is	also	in	a	Phase	II 
study	for	sarcoidosis.
In	September,	REMICADE®	
(infliximab)	received	U.S.	
Food	and	Drug	Administration	
approval	as	the	first	biologic	
treatment	for	pediatric	ulcer-
ative	colitis,	marking	the		
16th	approval	in	the	U.S.		
REMICADE®	is	now	available		
in	106	countries.	
In	July,	marketing	rights	for	
REMICADE®	and	SIMPONI®	
were	transferred	from	Merck	
to	the	Janssen	Pharmaceutical	
Companies	in	approximately	
150	territories.	
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
9
	
	
	
	

--- Page 12 ---
C O N S U M E R
Innovating	Iconic	Brands
A s	a	mother	of	seven,	mommy	blogger	Christine	
Young	tends	to	a	good	number	of	scrapes	and	
cuts.	“My	kids	bike,	skateboard,	climb	trees	and	
are	always	on	the	go,	so	there’s	always	a	scrape		
or	cut	or	bruise,”	says	Christine,	whose	daughter	and	six	
sons	range	in	age	from	1	to	11.
	 When	Christine	treats	her	children’s	
“owies,”	she	sings	the	“Always	Squeeze	
Then	Stick™”	song	from	a	TV	commercial	
in	which	cheerful	puppets	sing	about	
always	using	NEOSPORIN®	antibiotic	
ointment	together	with BAND-AID®	Brand	
Adhesive	Bandages	for	minor	wounds.
campaign	also	brought	fun	activities	and	
the	commercial’s	brightly	colored	puppets	
to	large	events,	including	the	Baby	Buggy	
Bedtime	Bash,	a	charity	event	attended	
by	celebrity	parents	and	children.	And	
the	initiative	reached	out	to	influential	
mommy	and	daddy	bloggers,	who	spread	
the	word	through	social	media.
	 Christine,	for	example,	who	had	used	
the	two	products	together	long	before	she	
became	an	ambassador	for	the	campaign,	
promoted	“Always	Squeeze	Then	Stick™”	
through	Twitter	and	at	several	parent	
blogger	events.	She	hosted	a	video	contest	
for	her	blog’s	readers	and	posted	a	video	of	
her	own	family	in	Lincoln,	Calif.,	dancing	
and	singing	the	song.
“It	appeals	to	a	broader	audience	
beyond	just	us	moms,”	Christine	says.		
“My	older	kids	are	pretty	good	about	
helping	to	treat	the	younger	kids.	It’s	not	
just	mom	squeezing	then	sticking.	It’s	the	
oldest	siblings	too.”
dev elopi ng tru st ed new prod uC ts
Across	the	Johnson	&	Johnson	Family		
of	Consumer	Companies,	iconic	brands	
are	using	innovation	to	drive	growth		
and	meet	consumer	needs.	Efforts	range	
from	marketing	and	educational	tools		
to	creative	packaging	to	research	and	
development	that	leads	to	new	products	
from	historic	brands.
	 The	NEOSPORIN®	and	BAND-AID®	
Brands,	for	example,	are	also	launching	
new	products	in	early	2012.	The	new		
“It’s	catchy	and	gets	stuck	in	our	heads.	
We’re	singing	it	all	day	long,”	Christine	says.
Marketing for t oday’s  ConsuMe rs
Nearly	100	years	old,	BAND-AID®	Brand	is	
one	of	the	first	Johnson	&	Johnson	brands.	
The	NEOSPORIN®	brand,	which	joined	the	
Johnson	&	Johnson	trademark	portfolio	in	
2006	with	the	Pfizer	Consumer	Healthcare	
acquisition,	has	long	represented	the	gold	
standard	in	antibiotic	ointments.
“If	any	brands	were	naturally	meant	
to	be	together,	it’s	the	NEOSPORIN®	and	
BAND-AID®	Brands,”	says	Susan	Tang,	
Group	Brand	Director,	U.S.	Topical	Health	
Care,	Johnson	&	Johnson	Family	of	
Consumer	Companies.	After	all,	she	notes,	
parents	have	trusted	them	for	generations	
to	care	for	their	children,	the	products	
share	the	same	store	aisle	and,	when	used	
together,	provide	exceptional	wound	care.
	 Yet	only	2	percent	of	consumers	use	
an	antibiotic	cream	with	a	bandage,	
according	to	one	study.	To	reinforce	the	
message	that	the	products	should	be	used	
together,	Johnson	&	Johnson	Consumer	
Companies,	Inc.	developed	the	“Always	
Squeeze	Then	Stick™”	initiative	and	ran	a	
commercial	in	English	and	Spanish.	The	
BAND-AID®	Brand	Adhesive	Bandages		
use	QUILTVENT™	technology,	which	
promotes	breathability—a	feature	
consumers	have	said	they	want—and	
enables	the	bandage	to	wick	away	blood,	
leaving	the	wound	clean.
	 The	NEOSPORIN®	brand,	meanwhile,		
is	entering	the	eczema	skin	care	area		
with	NEOSPORIN®	ESSENTIALS™,		
three	new	products	designed	for	people	
with	eczema,	plus	a	trial	pack	that		
contains	them	all.	The	line	includes	a	
gentle	and	nonirritating	daily	care		
wash;	a	moisturizing	cream	that	has		
been	clinically	shown	to	restore	visibly		
healthier	skin	in	three	days;	and,	for		
itch	flare-ups,	a	hydrocortisone	cream.		
All	have	unique	RELIPID™	formulas,		
which	contain	a	humectant,	emollient,	
lipid	and	botanical	blend	to	help	retain	
moisture,	which	is	essential	for	healthy-
looking	skin.
“We	put	so	much	heart,	sweat	and	
passion	into	innovating	these	formulas,”	
says	Elena	Fernandez-Kleinlein,	Senior	
Director,	R&D,	Global	Topical	Health	Care,	
Johnson	&	Johnson	Family	of	Consumer	
Companies.	“We’re	proud	to	be	able	to	
help	eczema	sufferers.”
	 Other	heritage	brands	are	also	
launching	innovative	products	to	
meet	consumer	needs.	For	example,	
NEUTROGENA®,	a	58-year-old	iconic	
brand,	learned	from	consumer	insight		
that	parents	have	a	hard	time	getting	their	
little	swimmer	to	sit	still	long	enough	to	
dry	off	and	reapply	sunscreen.	This	led	to	
the	2011	launch	of	NEUTROGENA®	Wet	
Skin	Sunblock	Spray,	the	first	sunscreen	
designed	to	be	applied	directly	to	wet	skin.	
The	sprays	quickly	became	the	top-selling	
new	products	in	the	sun	category.
	 Also	in	2011,	Neutrogena	Corporation	
launched	the	first	products	in	its	line	
of	NEUTROGENA®	Naturals	face	and	
1 0
  J O H N S O N   &   J O H N S O N   2 0 1 1   A N N U A L   R E P O R T
	
	
	
	
	
	
