
--- Page 6 ---
Staying the course 
Dear fellow shareholders, 
The turbulent operating environment of the past 
year has only reinforced our commitment to 
Nestlé’s longer-term objectives. Good for You, 
Good for the Planet is at the heart of our strategy. 
Our strong brands, our impactful innovation 
capabilities and our operational execution have 
helped us continue to deliver. 
True to our values 
At the start of 2022, the extreme challenges of the COVID-19 
pandemic seemed to be waning. There were some supply 
chain challenges as well as inflationary pressures but those 
appeared to be manageable. The unexpected invasion 
of Ukraine at the end of February changed the course of 
the year. Global supply chain issues proliferated, inflation 
became rampant, concerns over energy shortages took hold 
and food insecurity grew.
We faced a choice this past year in how to react to these 
challenges. There was little handwringing as it was clear to 
us that we could not lose sight of our long-term strategy: 
we continued to invest in R&D, our brands and sustainability 
initiatives. Increased food insecurity only strengthened 
Nestlé’s commitments to maintaining essential food 
supplies, providing affordable nutrition and advancing 
regenerative food systems. 
To stay on course required a constant rebalancing between 
growth, affordability, and meeting our commitments to 
shareholders and other stakeholders. There were no easy 
solutions, but we did not waver in our resolve to deliver 
on short-term expectations, progress on our long-term 
ambitions and remain true to the core of our strategy: Good 
for You, Good for the Planet. Nestlé’s decentralized five-
zone structure allowed us to be close to our consumers and 
respond to shifts in their needs, while our global, balanced 
and diversified portfolio helped us weather inflation and 
supply chain challenges.
“Increased food insecurity only 
strengthened Nestlé’s commitments 
to maintaining essential food  
supplies, providing affordable 
nutrition and advancing regenerative 
food systems.” 
2

--- Page 7 ---
U. Mark Schneider, Chief Executive Officer (left), and Paul Bulcke, Chairman (right)
Dependably on track 
Even in a year as challenging as 2022, we continued to deliver. 
We stayed focused on bringing fast-paced innovations to 
market, enhancing our digital capabilities, investing in our 
brands and managing our portfolio. Our real internal growth 
remained robust under challenging conditions.
We adjusted prices to reflect our own growing costs due to 
inflation. However, we did so responsibly, seeking internal 
efficiencies and cost-saving measures to try to limit price 
increases. Nestlé’s role has always been to make nutritious 
food affordable and accessible to people everywhere, 
and we stay committed to that even in times of economic 
headwinds. Highlights from 2022 include the following:
 – Organic growth reached 8.3%, with pricing of 8.2% 
and real internal growth of 0.1%. 
 – Foreign exchange reduced sales by 0.9%. Net 
acquisitions had a positive impact of 1.1%. As a result, 
total reported sales increased by CHF 7.3 billion or 8.4% 
to CHF 94.4 billion. 
 – Underlying trading operating profit (UTOP) margin 
reached 17.1%. The trading operating profit (TOP) 
margin was unchanged versus the prior year at 14.0% 
on a reported basis. As announced at our investor 
seminar, we expect our underlying trading operating 
profit margin to return to a range of 17.5% to 18.5% 
by 2025, following the impact of cost inflation on 
our margin in 2021 and 2022.
 – Underlying earnings per share (EPS) increased 
by 9.4% in constant currency and by 8.4% on a 
reported basis to CHF 4.80. We expect to deliver 
an underlying EPS growth target range of 6% 
to 10% in constant currency. Earnings per share 
decreased by 43.5% to CHF 3.42 on a reported basis, 
mainly reflecting the gain on the disposal of L’Oréal 
shares in 2021.
 – Free cash flow was CHF 6.6 billion, as working 
capital increased temporarily in the context of supply 
chain constraints and capital expenditure remained 
at an elevated level. We expect to trend toward free 
cash flow of 12% of sales and ROIC of 15% by 2025.
3
 

--- Page 8 ---
Strategic portfolio management 
In 2022, we continued to invest in high-growth categories 
that contribute to our Nutrition, Health and Wellness 
strategy. Nestlé remains disciplined in its approach to 
portfolio management, looking for strategic and cultural fit, 
as well as attractive financial returns.
We remain focused on driving sustained profitable growth 
in the coffee category with the announced acquisition of 
Seattle’s Best Coffee brand from Starbucks. In addition to 
Starbucks packaged coffees sold by Nestlé under the Global 
Coffee Alliance, Seattle’s Best Coffee will join Nestlé’s roster 
of beloved coffee brands in the United States including 
Nescafé, Nespresso and Blue Bottle. 
We continue to develop Nestlé Health Science’s leadership 
position in nutrition and health, sharpening the focus 
on Consumer Care and Medical Nutrition. In 2022, 
we acquired a majority stake in Orgain as well as the 
businesses of Puravida and The Better Health Company. 
The new brands expand our markets in the vitamins, 
minerals and supplements segment in the United States, 
Latin America and Oceania. At the same time, we decided 
to explore strategic options for Palforzia, the peanut allergy 
treatment, following slower than expected adoption by 
patients and healthcare professionals.
Innovating to unlock the power of food
Building a pipeline of highly differentiated innovations, 
while rapidly testing and launching new ideas, fuels 
our growth. Our focus is on delivering tasty, nutritious, 
affordable and sustainable products by anticipating 
growing trends and meeting people’s diverse evolving 
needs and preferences, while investing in solutions with an 
improved environmental footprint. In 2022, we were able 
to maintain the same time-to-market speed as in 2021, 
despite the challenging environment.
infant formula with HMOs had CHF 1.3 billion in sales with 
double-digit growth.
Coffee. We are innovating novel systems that bring the 
perfect cup of coffee to consumers in a sustainable way. 
Nescafé Dolce Gusto Neo gives coffee lovers the best coffee-
shop-at-home experience with three brewing methods and 
compostable paper-based pods. Nespresso will also roll out 
a new range of compostable paper-based capsules that are 
retro-compatible with Nespresso Original machines, while 
Nespresso Vertuo Pop offers the smartest, smallest, most 
optimized and accessible coffee machine ever, made from 
35% recycled plastic.
Plant-based. Market demand for plant-based products 
continues to create opportunities for new offerings across 
the entire food and beverage portfolio, which contribute to 
our sustainability goals. An early focus into a wide variety of 
plant-based alternatives and a retail focus on ready-made 
meals has proven to be a winning strategy. Recent launches 
include Gerber Plant-tastic, soy-based Milo, KitKat V, Garden 
Gourmet Voie Gras and Malher Huevo Más. Plant-based 
products generated sales of around CHF 1 billion in 2022, 
posting high single-digit organic growth.
Accelerated digitalization 
Data and technology are an essential source of competitive 
advantage and Nestlé continues its data-driven digital 
transformation. We are building a seamless consumer 
experience and channel-less commerce system, unlocking 
value via consumer data across geographies and categories. 
E-commerce sales grew by 9.2% to account for 15.8% of total 
Group sales. We remain on track to hit 25% by 2025.
Artificial intelligence and remote assistance are allowing us 
to be more agile and flexible in our manufacturing sites and 
supply chains – more important now than ever.
Infant nutrition. We continue to develop science-based 
nutritional solutions for infants. The newly launched infant 
formula with Nutrilearn Connect, a unique nutrient blend to 
increase brain myelination, and rollout of our infant formulas 
with five human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) to support 
gut health and immunity exemplify this focus. In 2022, 
Creating Shared Value 
Creating Shared Value has always been fundamental to 
the way we do business at Nestlé. We have long believed 
that our company can only be successful in the long term 
by creating value for both our shareholders and society. For 
decades, our activities and products have aimed to make 
4

--- Page 9 ---
a positive difference to society in order to foster Nestlé’s 
ongoing success. We have not wavered in that commitment 
in the face of short-term challenges this year.
the HSR system. Nestlé is the first company to disclose the 
nutritional value of its entire portfolio.
Net Zero Roadmap. We have made good progress on our 
Net Zero Roadmap, which was strongly supported by our 
shareholders at the 2021 Annual General Meeting. We have 
already passed peak carbon, with greenhouse gas emissions 
below the 2018 baseline. From 2024, we will vote annually on 
a comprehensive report on our non-financial performance, 
including our climate-related agenda. Our commitment to 
advancing regenerative food systems supports this agenda. 
We are supporting farmers in their transition to regeneration 
through the Nescafé Plan 2030 and our income accelerator 
program for cocoa-farming families.
“For decades, our activities and 
products have aimed to make a positive 
difference to society in order to foster 
Nestlé’s ongoing success. We have not 
wavered in that commitment in the 
face of short-term challenges this year.”
Affordable nutrition. Our offering of affordable and accessible 
products aims to provide lower-income consumers with 
high-quality food products that deliver nutritional value at 
an affordable cost and in an appropriate format. Most of our 
affordable and accessible offering is fortified with at least one 
of the “big four” micronutrients: iron, iodine, vitamin A and 
zinc. In 2022, we provided 129.2 billion fortified servings of 
affordable nutrition products.
Good for You. In 2022, we made a commitment to increase 
the transparency of the nutritional value of our global 
portfolio. For the first time, we benchmarked our entire 
global portfolio against the Health Star Rating (HSR) system 
– a nutrient profiling system used by the Access to Nutrition 
Initiative – and have given an overview of our wide range 
of specialized nutrition products, which are not covered by 
Refined Board oversight 
Our Board of Directors continued to provide valuable 
guidance on our strategy, business performance and 
sustainability agenda. We maintained our practice of adding 
diverse experience and expertise through the appointment 
of two new independent directors. In recent years we have, 
in particular, strengthened the Board’s expertise on food 
systems, food and beverage, digitalization, marketing, 
sustainability and other topics. 
During 2022, the Board further refined the governance 
framework related to our sustainability agenda, including 
the annual work plan of the dedicated Sustainability 
Committee, which advises on all aspects of the Group’s 
environmental and social sustainability, including our 
efforts on climate change, human rights, and diversity 
and inclusion.
Consistently committed to our purpose 
We are committed to creating shared value for our 
shareholders and all stakeholders connected to our business 
by unlocking the power of food to enhance quality of life. 
We could not do this without the loyalty of our employees, 
business partners and investors. In this challenging year, 
we thank our employees for their admirable dedication in 
keeping us on track while rebalancing. We are also grateful 
for the support of our business partners, our consumers 
and the communities where we operate. We thank you, 
our shareholders, for your continued trust in us to stay 
the course.
Paul Bulcke
Chairman
U. Mark Schneider
Chief Executive Officer
5
 
 

--- Page 10 ---
Generating value 
through our strategy
Garden Gourmet Sensational Crispy Mini Filet 
In 2022, we continued to expand the plant-based 
food options within our Garden Gourmet brand, 
such as the new 2.0 Sensational Crispy Mini Filet.
6
10.8%
growth in affordable 
nutrition products
7.4% 
growth in premium  
products
9.2%
organic growth 
in e-commerce
~22% 
of portfolio rotated  
2017-2022

--- Page 11 ---
Nestlé creates value through a persistent focus on 
relevance, operational agility and executional excellence. 
As a company, we continuously evolve our product 
offerings to meet consumer needs and excite consumer 
preferences. We strive for a balanced pursuit of financial 
growth through rapid innovation, operational efficiency 
and resource allocation. Our long-term strategy ensures 
we deliver consistent, sustainable success. 
Good food, Good life is good business
We focus our energy and resources where unlocking the power 
of food can make the greatest difference to the lives of people 
and pets, protect and enhance the environment, and generate 
significant value for our shareholders and other stakeholders 
alike. Products that are right for consumers and right for the 
planet are increasingly desirable and make for good business. 
This helps us be a force for good. Accordingly, we:
 – Apply our expertise in nutrition, health and wellness – 
developed over more than 150 years – to help people, 
families and pets live happier, healthier lives. 
 – Bring affordable, safe and high-quality nutrition to 
consumers, regardless of income level, taking advantage 
of our long-standing presence around the world.
 – Meet the needs of modern consumers with healthy, 
delicious, convenient products for conscious, time-
constrained lifestyles. 
 – Strive to package and deliver our products in ways that 
are safe and protect the environment. 
 – Bring distinctive, premium innovations to market fueled 
by creative exploration and consumer insights, pioneering 
nutrition science and culinary excellence.   
 – Enhance our food systems and offer more plant-based 
food and beverage options to be consumers’ first choice 
as they diversify their diets. 
 – Commit to ambitious sustainability goals to advance the 
health of the planet, drive societal progress and support 
sustainable, healthy food systems.
Our long-term value creation model is based on the 
balanced pursuit of top- and bottom-line growth as well as 
improved capital efficiency. We create value guided by three 
strategic pillars:
 – Growth through continuous innovation.  
 – Operational efficiency. 
 – Resource and capital allocation with discipline  
and clear priorities, including through acquisitions 
and divestitures.
Sustained organic sales growth  
We maintain a diversified portfolio, both in terms of geography 
and category. Our agility in changing environments and 
cultivation of our global, regional and local brands contribute 
to long-term financial performance. Our objective is to 
sustain a mid single-digit organic growth rate through rapid 
innovation, market share gains and portfolio management. 
We compete in attractive and growing categories, and 
prioritize investments to stay relevant and win in every 
segment and market in which we operate. Our digital 
technologies help us identify emerging consumer needs and 
business model opportunities so we can bring differentiated 
innovation to market fast. We partner with customers 
across the retail landscape to adapt our product portfolio 
and channel strategies, leveraging our global brands to 
customize new products for local tastes and preferences.  
In 2022:
 – 31 of our trusted brands, including Maggi, Milo and 
Nido, generated over CHF 1 billion each in annual sales 
at the retail level.
 – E-commerce sales represented 15.8% of sales and 
grew by 9.2%, and our digital marketing spend 
increased to 55%. 
 – Our premium offerings represented around 30% 
of sales and grew at a high single-digit rate. 
 – Plant-based products generated sales of around 
CHF 1 billion, posting high single-digit organic growth.
 – Emerging markets represented 42% of sales and 
grew by 10%.
 – Sales of affordable, accessible products – many nutrient-
fortified – accounted for around 18% of emerging market 
sales and grew at a double-digit rate.
We focus on categories and geographies with attractive 
dynamics where Nestlé has an ability to win. Since 2017, we 
have completed or announced more than 100 transactions 
(acquisitions and divestitures) with annual sales equivalent 
to around 22% of 2017 Group sales. 
In 2022, these included:  
 – Purchase of a majority stake in Orgain, a US leader in 
plant-based nutrition, with the option to fully acquire 
Orgain in 2024. 
 – Acquisition of Puravida, a premium Brazilian nutrition 
and health lifestyle brand, expanding the consumer 
health portfolio in Latin America. 
 – Acquisition of The Better Health Company in New 
Zealand, which includes the GO Healthy brand and 
New Zealand Health Manufacturing, expanding Nestlé 
Health Science’s portfolio of vitamins, minerals and 
supplements in AOA.
 – Acquisition of the Seattle’s Best Coffee brand from 
Starbucks. 
 – Creating a partnership with L Catterton to bring together 
Freshly and Kettle Cuisine.
 – Divestment of Gerber Good Start. 
7
 
  
 

--- Page 12 ---
In 2022, Nestlé 
acquired a majority 
stake in Orgain, 
a leader in organic, 
plant-based nutrition 
in the United States, 
with a foundation in 
science, great taste 
and broad appeal.
We take decisive action to restore growth and profitability 
when businesses underperform. Nestlé has decided to 
explore strategic options for Palforzia, the peanut allergy 
treatment, following slower than expected adoption by 
patients and healthcare professionals. The review is  
expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. Going 
forward, Nestlé Health Science will sharpen its focus on 
Consumer Care and Medical Nutrition.
We have formed a partnership with L Catterton to bring together 
Freshly and Kettle Cuisine, a leading manufacturer of fresh 
artisanal foods for retail and foodservice customers. L Catterton 
will be the majority owner, with Nestlé holding a minority stake.
Operating more efficiently 
We fuel our growth agenda through disciplined cost 
management, improving operational efficiency at all levels 
of the business. Alongside sales growth, this approach 
enables us to free up resources for reinvestment in product 
innovation, brand building, digitalization and sustainability 
initiatives, while creating value for our shareholders. Internal 
efficiency projects help us free up resources for investments 
by optimizing our skills and enhancing effectiveness and 
speed of our organization.
We continued to adapt our organization to be more agile, 
flexible and digitalized. In manufacturing, we continued to 
upgrade our operational footprint in 2022, increasing factory 
fixed overheads by around 6%. In procurement, increased 
global buying combined with a reduced number of product 
specifications helped us reduce costs and complexity. 
Global buying through our three purchasing hubs was 68% 
in 2022. In our administration, we continued to simplify and 
standardize processes. 
As a percentage of sales based on a 5-quarter rolling 
average, working capital increased to 1.9% in 2022 due to 
our conscious decision to temporarily increase inventory 
levels. This decision, taken in the context of significant 
supply chain disruptions and the energy crisis in Europe, 
reflects our commitment to ensure continuity of supply.
Prudent allocation of capital 
Our priorities are to invest in the long-term growth and 
development of our business, while increasing shareholder 
returns and creating shared value. Nestlé pursues a value 
creation model that balances growth in earnings per share, 
competitive shareholder returns, flexibility for external 
growth and access to financial markets. We will continue 
to invest to drive brand building, innovation, digitalization 
and sustainability.
Investing for the long term includes R&D investment, 
brand support and capital expenditure to support organic 
profitable growth. We focus on projects with the highest 
potential to create economic profit. We are accelerating our 
capital expenditure plans for our fast-growing categories, 
particularly coffee and pet care.
We are disciplined when it comes to mergers and acquisitions 
in order to protect our ROIC. We have a thorough project 
governance in place, with clear accountability and targets. 
8
 
 

--- Page 13 ---
Investing in strategic and  
high-growth regions and categories
A
A
B
B
C
C
A
B
C
D
D
E
B
D
A
3
3
E
E
3
C
D
E
3
A
B
C
D
E
3
 A   USA
B   Mexico 
C   Brazil 
D   Spain
E   Thailand
~ CHF 625 million
USD 675 million in 
new beverage facility 
in Glendale, Arizona
~ CHF 315 million
USD 340 million in 
new Nescafé factory 
in Veracruz, Mexico
~ CHF 50 million
BRL 300 million to 
support Neo launch 
in Nescafé factory in 
Montes Claros, Brazil
~ CHF 99 million
EUR 100 million for 
digital technology in 
Nestlé coffee factory 
in Girona, Spain
~ CHF 133 million
THB 5 billion in new 
Purina PetCare factory 
in Rayong, Thailand
Potential acquisitions must have a good strategic and 
cultural fit with our organization and offer attractive financial 
returns. We look for creative ways to structure transactions 
and build partnerships that enhance our strategic options. 
both society and our shareholders at a meaningful scale.  
We do so because we believe that business should act as 
a force for good. 
We have demonstrated our commitment to maintaining 
a high level of reinvestment into the business while at 
the same time continually increasing capital returns to 
shareholders. We do this by increasing our dividend year 
after year. Based on our 2022 performance, the Board of 
Directors has proposed a dividend increase of 15 centimes 
to CHF 2.95 per share to be paid in April 2023. This 
will be our 28th consecutive annual dividend increase. 
As a result of our strong free cash flow generation and 
business disposals, we continued to return excess cash 
to shareholders through share buybacks. In 2022, Nestlé 
repurchased 92 million of its shares for a total amount of 
CHF 10.6 billion at an average price of CHF 115.36 per share. 
Nestlé plans to repurchase CHF 20 billion of its shares over 
the period 2022 to 2024. 
Creating Shared Value: The way we operate 
We build for the long term, act with focus and combine 
global resources with local know-how to create value for 
Nestlé continues to follow through on our commitments to 
do business in a way that creates shared value, illustrated 
by progress toward net zero greenhouse gas emissions, 
regenerative agriculture, 100% deforestation-free supply 
chains, sustainable packaging and improved nutrition in 
our portfolio.
In addition to 
Starbucks packaged 
coffees, Seattle’s 
Best Coffee will join 
Nestlé’s collection of 
beloved coffee brands 
in the United States, 
which include 
Nescafé, Nespresso 
and Blue Bottle.
9
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 14 ---
Innovating to unlock 
the power of food
Nespresso 
Our paper-based compostable capsules offer 
consumers a choice between fully recyclable 
aluminum capsules and compostable paper.
10
1.7
billion Swiss francs invested 
in R&D annually 
4100 
R&D employees globally 
23
R&D locations worldwide 
2 
new focus areas  
(Nestlé Institute of Agricultural 
Sciences and R&D Latin America)

--- Page 15 ---
Food provides essential nutrients to support the good 
health of people and pets, in a tasty and pleasurable 
way. It is a vital pillar of cultures, brings people 
together, underpins economies and impacts planet 
health. At Nestlé, through our R&D organization, we 
innovate with purpose to unlock the power of food and 
deliver tasty, nutritious, affordable and sustainable 
products – for today, and for generations to come. 
nutrition, sustainability and affordability in an increasingly 
complex innovation environment.
To go from idea to shop in six months – with new sites 
in Chile, China, India and Arlington, Virginia, in the 
United States – we now have 14 R+D Accelerators. 
Since 2019, the Accelerator initiative has had over 
300 participants, with 150 new products in 20 countries. 
Our innovation capabilities 
We continuously strengthen our innovation capabilities to 
ensure that we deliver products that meet people’s diverse 
evolving needs, while reducing our carbon footprint and 
contributing to company growth. In 2022, we were able 
to maintain the same time-to-market speed as in 2021, 
despite the challenging environment.
Through our regional R&D centers in Africa, China, India 
and South-East Asia, we can innovate closer to the 
people we serve with agility. We recently inaugurated 
an additional regional R&D Center for Latin America in 
Santiago, Chile, enabling us to innovate for consumers 
in the region, while leveraging our global science and 
technology capabilities to deliver tasty, nutritious, 
affordable and sustainable products. 
We also rely on new innovation tools to increase speed, 
efficiency and decision making, and deliver breakthrough 
solutions. Using advanced algorithms, we can capture 
information on trends, ingredients, flavors and health 
benefits to virtually create and quickly test concepts 
before further refining for launch. Using these tools, 
in China we launched Nescafé Dalgona coffee mixes 
and Nesvita probiotic supplements for adults. We are 
also exploring the use of artificial intelligence and data 
science that can help to manage tradeoffs between taste, 
Using a test-and-learn approach and working closely with 
retailers, we quickly develop and pilot novel concepts before 
investing in a full-scale launch. After a successful pilot test 
for KitKat V, we launched the vegan chocolate on a wider 
scale in 15 European markets.
Nutrition solutions across life stages 
We develop innovations that are backed by science across 
life stages, for people and pets. New research showed 
that Nutrilearn Connect, a unique nutrient blend, increases 
brain myelination, a process vital for cognition and motor 
development during early life. This led to a first launch 
in Hong Kong and China under the Wyeth S-26 Ultima 
brand. We also continued the rollout in 20 markets of infant 
formula with five HMOs to support gut health and immunity.
To meet toddlers’ unique nutritional needs, we introduced 
Gerber Powerblend cereals in China and India. These 
are made from diverse food groups such as whole grains, 
legumes, milk and fruits to support immunity, brain 
development and the gut microbiome.
Providing solutions for people with specific health needs 
is also a priority for us. To support women during and after 
pregnancy while breastfeeding, we launched a range of 
Materna multivitamins and supplements in Latin America 
and Europe. 
Our new regional 
R&D Center for Latin 
America in Santiago, 
Chile, enables us 
to innovate tasty, 
nutritious, affordable 
and sustainable 
products that are 
highly relevant to 
local consumers.
In the United States, we developed 
a range of Compleat plant-based 
standard tube feeding formulas to 
support digestive health, increased 
energy needs or decreased fluid needs 
in patients aged 1 to 13 years. In China, 
we launched Yiyang milk powder made 
with mulberry leaf extract, a traditional 
Chinese ingredient, to support people 
aged over 45 years in managing 
blood glucose.
For cats and dogs, we launched Purina 
Pro Plan supplements – in a multi-
format such as oils, powders and 
tablets – to support mobility, immunity, 
vitality, healthy skin and coat.
11
