
--- Page 6 ---
Dear fellow shareholders,
For over 150 years, Nestlé has built its success 
on a profound understanding of nutrition. That 
success is based on a continuous, compelling 
strategy that leads to sustainable value creation. 
It is also based on the ability to change and adapt. 
2017 was no exception. It has been a year of both 
continuity and change. We continued to build 
our company for the long term, while increasing 
speed and efficiency to adapt to the changes 
around us. Competition is intensifying and 
consumers’ expectations are shifting. Likewise, 
digital disruption is reshaping how consumers 
connect and communicate, buy products, and 
engage with companies. We are anticipating 
these changes and responding to them with a 
healthy sense of urgency, setting an agile course 
for the future.
For the year 2017, Nestlé’s organic growth 
was 2.4%, supported by real internal growth 
of 1.6%. Pricing of 0.8% was consistent  
with the prior year. Net divestments reduced sales 
by 1.9% and foreign exchange had a minimal 
negative impact of 0.1%. Total reported sales 
increased by 0.4% to CHF 89.8 billion. Organic 
growth was 4.8% in emerging markets and 
0.7% in developed markets. Underlying Trading 
operating profit margin was up by 50 basis points  
in constant currency and up 40 basis points  
on a reported basis to 16.4%. Based on these 
results, the Board of Directors is proposing 
the 23rd dividend increase, underlining  
our commitment to continuity, of 5 centimes  
to CHF 2.35 per share this year.
A clear path forward
Nutrition is at the heart of our company. It has 
been since Henri Nestlé invented the farine lactée 
that saved the life of a child. Our Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness strategy is now more relevant than 
ever as people around the globe want to lead 
healthier lives. They are more interested in the 
role nutrition plays in their personal health and 
well‑being. We are well positioned to support 
them, providing quality, nutritious food and 
beverages that are both delicious and convenient. 
Nestlé has a broad portfolio that includes some 
of the world’s most recognised brands. We are 
a leader in many of the fastest‑growing food and 
beverages categories.
2
During the year, we confirmed our long‑term value 
creation model. Our mid‑term targets underscore 
our commitment to the right balance of top‑line 
growth and bottom‑line performance. We have 
set an underlying trading operating profit margin 
target of 17.5% to 18.5% by 2020, up from 16% in 
2016. We aim to achieve mid‑single digit organic 
growth by 2020.
Food and beverages are at the core of our 
business, with many different categories. To 
grow steadily, we are managing the categories of 
coffee, pet care, bottled water and infant nutrition 
for growth. Consumer healthcare is an additional 
area for growth, especially in meeting the 
nutritional needs of ageing populations around  
the world. Furthermore, we are building on our 
strong position in emerging markets by allocating 
capital for growth.
We are actively developing our portfolio to 
reflect new consumer tastes and lifestyles. Our 
aim is to have the tastiest and healthiest products 
in each of the categories in which we compete. 
We are capitalising on recent consumer trends 
such as organic, whole grain, reduced calorie 
and natural foods. We are also delivering more 
plant‑based alternatives.
Continuous innovation is a key differentiator 
for Nestlé, fueling growth from within the 
company. Driven by our industry‑leading research 
and development network, combined with 
deep consumer insights, we are speeding up 
meaningful innovation to bring products and 
services to the market quickly.
In 2017, several acquisitions helped to 
strengthen our positions in fast‑growing categories  
and to give access to new business models. 
Responding to consumer demand for new coffee 
experiences, we took a majority stake in the U.S. 
coffee roaster and retailer Blue Bottle Coffee and 
acquired Chameleon Cold Brew, the number one 
organic cold brew brand in the United States. 
With the market for healthy, convenient meals 
growing, we acquired Sweet Earth – a California 
based frozen meals company offering high‑quality 
vegetarian dishes. We also bought a minority 
interest in the online meal delivery platform, 
Freshly. In consumer healthcare, we announced 
the acquisition of Atrium Innovations, a global 
leader in nutritional health products.

--- Page 7 ---
Paul Bulcke, Chairman (left), and U. Mark Schneider, Chief Executive Officer (right).
3

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Increased efficiency
To support our growth, we are increasing operating 
efficiency across the company. We are focusing 
on structural cost savings in the non‑consumer 
facing areas, specifically in manufacturing, 
procurement and administrative services.
our value creation model. As a result, we can 
return more capital to our shareholders. In June, 
the Board approved a share buyback programme 
of up to CHF 20 billion which is to be completed 
by the end of June 2020, conditional to any 
sizeable acquisitions.
We are simplifying our manufacturing footprint 
Our Board ensured the transition to a new  
and optimising our factories to utilise capacity 
more effectively. To leverage our size and scale in 
our procurement activities, we have established 
three global purchasing hubs. By 2020, we expect 
these hubs to source 60% of our requirements. 
Through Nestlé Business Excellence, we continue 
to simplify, standardise and share services and 
processes. We aim to increase the penetration 
of shared services to 50% by 2020, up from the 
current level of around 17%.
We are also simplifying our organisation 
by delayering functions and strengthening 
local and regional decision‑making. We have 
reorganised our infant nutrition business, 
moving it from the Globally‑Managed Nestlé 
Nutrition to a Regionally‑Managed business 
to enhance its agility and to respect local 
preferences. A dedicated Strategic Business 
Unit has been created to retain the strengths of 
Nestlé’s globally‑aligned nutrition strategy. We 
continued the transformation of Zone EMENA, 
establishing regional category leadership teams 
with profit and loss responsibility for our food, 
confectionery and dairy businesses, while 
keeping the fundamental role of the respective 
Nestlé Markets. This model has been successful 
with both Nestlé Purina and Nescafé. All of these 
changes will help to ensure faster execution and  
a closer connection to local business realities.
Board engagement
Our Board of Directors is committed to the 
highest standards of corporate governance. It 
oversees management to ensure the long‑term 
health of our company, so it can continue to 
deliver value over time.
During the year, the Board reconfirmed 
Nestlé’s value creation model, delivering both 
top and bottom‑line growth, as well as capital 
efficiency. It undertook a comprehensive review 
of the company’s capital structure and priorities 
to support and enhance our ability to deliver on 
4
Chairman and CEO. At the same time, it 
rearticulated the company’s purpose and values. 
Our Board’s actions to create sustained value 
included adding four new independent directors 
in the past three years. The Board continued 
its refreshment by selecting strong candidates 
for election. It also expanded the mission of 
our Nomination and Sustainability Committee 
to review all aspects of our non‑financial 
performance and it strengthened risk oversight  
by our Audit Committee.
The Board visited Germany on its annual 
visit to a major market, where it received a 
strategic briefing on the food business. Special 
presentations during the year also included 
Nestlé’s Group strategy, a broader view on 
M&A, a review of consumer trends, our business 
in Zone AOA including China, as well as our 
Nestlé Health Science and Nestlé Skin Health 
businesses. The Board also reviewed the 
company’s shareholder base, its exposure to 
cybersecurity risks, its capital investment strategy 
and capital investment plan, and its annual risk 
and compliance reports.
Active engagement with our shareholders 
and other stakeholders allowed the Board to take 
into account their views on our performance, 
governance and long‑term strategy.
At the 2017 Annual General Meeting, the 
shareholders elected Paul Bulcke as Chairman 
of the Board of Directors, following his 37 years 
of service to Nestlé, including nine years as 
CEO. They further elected Nestlé CEO U. Mark 
Schneider and Ursula M. Burns, Chairman 
of the Board of Xerox Corporation, as new 
members of the Board. The Board thanked 
Peter Brabeck‑Letmathe, who did not stand for 
re‑election, for his almost 50 years of service to 
Nestlé and named him Chairman Emeritus.
There were also changes in the Executive 
Board. Stefan Palzer has been appointed Chief 
Technology Officer as of 1 January 2018.  

--- Page 9 ---
Chief Technology Officer Stefan Catsicas decided 
to pursue entrepreneurial and venture capital 
activities outside of Nestlé. He will continue as 
an advisor in science and technology. Deputy 
Executive Vice President Heiko Schipper decided 
to pursue interests outside the company as of 
31 December 2017. He will not be replaced on the 
Executive Board following the reorganisation of 
the Nutrition business.
Value for shareholders and society
Amid many changes, two important dimensions 
do not change – our purpose and our values. 
Our purpose is to enhance quality of life and 
contribute to a healthier future. Our values, rooted 
in respect, guide our decisions and actions. 
We believe that business can have a positive 
impact on society. By doing so, we create shared 
value. This ensures the long‑term success 
of our business and continued value for our 
shareholders, while also contributing to society.
Since 2013, Nestlé has been actively involved 
in supporting young people through initiatives like 
Nestlé Needs YOUth. We firmly believe that young 
people are our future. They will be our leaders, 
employees, suppliers and farmers. In 2017, we 
extended our Nestlé needs YOUth initiative globally 
to encompass our entire value chain and set out 
an ambition to help 10 million young people have 
access to economic opportunities by 2030.
In recognition of our work in contributing to 
the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) through our Creating Shared 
Value approach, Nestlé received the Concordia 
Leadership Award. We have also renewed 
our commitment to the UN Global Compact. 
It promotes the principle of public‑private 
collaborations in support of the SDGs. These 
efforts, among others, show that business has 
a vital role to play in building a better, more 
sustainable world for everyone.
2017 was an exciting year – one of both 
continuity and change. Continuity in building on 
the strong Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy 
of our company; change to increase our speed 
and efficiency, and to simplify the way we work. 
Nestlé has the people and the leadership across 
the globe to guide the company through these 
changes and ensure our long‑term success.
We want to thank our 323 000 employees for 
their ongoing dedication to Nestlé. It is their hard 
work and commitment to excellence that drives 
our company day to day.
We thank you, our shareholders, for your 
continuing support. We value your ongoing 
trust in our company and our people, and your 
confidence in our leadership setting a solid,  
stable course for the future. Nestlé has a  
strong foundation, a clear path forward and  
a bright future.
Paul Bulcke
Chairman
U. Mark Schneider
Chief Executive Officer
5

--- Page 10 ---
Our strategy
Through enhancing quality of life and contributing to a healthier future, 
we aim to deliver sustainable, industry‑leading financial performance and 
earn trust. For over 150 years, we have built a successful business through 
understanding and anticipating consumer needs, and adapting to succeed 
in an evolving marketplace. Based on a compelling strategy, our company 
delivers dependable value over the short term and long term.
6

--- Page 11 ---
Nestlé has many enduring strengths that keep 
us at the top of our industry. We have great 
brands that people love. We have a unique global 
footprint, a size and scale that we use to our 
advantage, and the capacity to invest for the long 
term. In 2017, we reconfirmed our value creation 
model. Through the right balance of sustainable 
growth and efficiency, as well as capital 
efficiency, we will continue to create long‑term 
value for our shareholders and for society as  
a whole.
Building on our Nutrition,  
Health and Wellness strategy
Nestlé’s success is built on its Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness strategy. Our founder, Henri Nestlé, 
believed that good nutrition was the key to a 
healthy life. Today, food and beverages remain 
core to our strategy. Our aim is to provide the 
tastiest and healthiest choices, at all times of 
the day and for all stages of life, delivered in a 
convenient and time‑saving manner. We also 
offer consumer healthcare products to help 
people meet their health and wellness goals.  
This is what we mean by ‘Good food, Good life’.
Understanding and serving the consumer
Nestlé’s portfolio is well‑positioned for growth. 
The key to our long‑term success continues  
to be understanding and serving the consumer.  
By identifying consumer trends early and  
acting quickly to capture them, we remain at  
the forefront of the fast‑moving consumer  
goods industry.
People today know the importance of good 
nutrition and of managing their health more 
proactively. They want products with simple, 
understandable ingredients, natural or organic, 
and ideally locally produced. Likewise, many 
people do not have the time to prepare and cook 
meals, so they are looking for food and beverages 
that are convenient too.
Nestlé has the largest research and 
development network in the food and beverages 
industry, continually innovating and renovating 
our portfolio to meet changing consumer 
demands. We also work with leading‑edge 
partners around the world, including start‑ups, 
academic institutions and public organisations. 
They help strengthen our own capabilities by 
generating ideas, accessing skills and developing 
new technologies, so we can remain at the 
forefront of consumer trends.
We are focusing on products with nutrition, 
health and wellness benefits. This includes 
delivering products with simpler ingredients, 
as well as more premium, organic, natural and 
fortified foods and beverages. Nestlé also offers a 
range of affordably‑priced, high‑quality, nutritious 
products. Many of our foods and beverages, 
especially those for children, include added 
micronutrients such as iron, iodine, vitamin A  
and zinc to support good health and well‑being.
7

--- Page 12 ---
Increasing efficiency
Nestlé is committed to margin expansion. We 
have set an underlying trading operating profit 
margin target of 17.5% to 18.5% by 2020, up  
from 16% in 2016.
Our primary driver is to reduce structural costs 
in non‑consumer facing areas. Well‑identified 
projects in manufacturing, procurement and 
general administration are expected to deliver 
total savings of CHF 2.0 to 2.5 billion by 2020.
We are optimising our manufacturing 
footprint and increasing efficiency throughout 
our operations. This will both increase our 
capacity utilisation and reduce our conversion 
costs. Through global procurement, we leverage 
Nestlé’s purchasing power worldwide. We are 
supporting our centralised purchasing activities 
by establishing global procurement hubs.
Scaling up the use of shared services brings 
further efficiency. We aim to increase the 
availability and use of shared services to 50%  
by 2020.
Enhanced local and regional decision‑making 
allows us to move more quickly in the market. 
Furthermore, we are reviewing and consolidating 
our real estate portfolio, and we have outsourced 
the management of the Nestlé pension fund.
Our strategy
Accelerating growth
At Nestlé, we believe that long‑term value 
creation is the result of both growth and operating 
efficiency. We achieve sustainable top‑line growth 
by investing selectively in high‑growth categories 
and geographies. The target, set in 2017, is 
mid‑single digit organic growth by 2020. We aim 
to achieve this by refocusing our base businesses, 
active portfolio management and prudent 
investment behind our high‑growth categories.
We are managing our coffee, petcare, infant 
nutrition and bottled water categories with an 
emphasis on growth. Nestlé has a significant global 
market share in these categories. We have some 
of the world’s leading brands, including Nescafé, 
Purina, Gerber and Nestlé Pure Life. Furthermore, we 
have science and technology‑based competitive 
advantages across these categories. Nestlé is 
also pursuing growth opportunities in consumer 
healthcare to complement our focus on these key 
food and beverages categories. As a result, we 
are expanding our presence across the pharmacy 
channels in both emerging and developed markets.
The core of value creation comes from 
product, service and business model innovation. 
Strength in research and development is a key 
differentiator for Nestlé, helping us to respond 
quickly to the ever‑changing world. Our 
innovation is broad‑based across all categories, 
from product renovations to service delivery 
platforms. It starts with transforming our core 
portfolio to keep products, brands and services 
relevant, as well as creating and scaling new 
brands where needed.
Digital innovation presents us with further 
opportunities for competitive advantage in 
developing more personalised experiences and 
new delivery methods. We are connecting with 
younger consumers in the digital space, using 
both local and specialised platforms. We are fully 
committed to digital marketing and e‑commerce 
platforms as avenues for growth. Hence, we are 
expanding these new business models, focusing 
strongly on our direct‑to‑consumer models, as 
well as partnering with key online retailers around 
the world.
8

--- Page 13 ---
Creating Shared Value
Creating Shared Value (CSV) is the fundamental  
principle of how Nestlé does business. It is our  
way of creating value for both shareholders and  
for society at the same time.
We understand that the prospects of our  
business are linked to the health and resilience  
of the society and world in which we operate.  
Our priorities are those areas with the greatest  
connection between Nestlé’s business and society.
Our 41 public commitments bring to life our  
purpose of enhancing quality of life and contributing 
to a healthier future. These commitments  
contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development  
Goals. The details of our progress against them  
are published in this Annual Review.
Allocating capital prudently
Nestlé has a strong portfolio, with profitable 
growth platforms and leading market positions in 
many categories. We take a prudent and focused 
approach to capital allocation to ensure solid 
long‑term growth.
We constantly review our brand portfolio and 
are selective in evaluating merger and acquisition 
opportunities. We will make acquisitions  
in fast‑growing categories only if they are 
complementary to our existing portfolio,  
deliver the attractive returns our shareholders 
expect and are in line with our Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness strategy.
Nestlé regularly revisits its capital structure to 
reflect changing market conditions and strategic 
priorities. Our financial strategy aims at striking 
the right balance between growth in earnings per 
share, competitive shareholder returns, flexibility 
for external growth and access to financial markets.
In June 2017, we announced a new 
CHF 20 billion share buyback programme to  
be completed by the end of June 2020. Should 
any sizeable acquisitions take place during this 
period, the share buyback programme will be 
adapted accordingly.
We increasingly focus capital spending on 
advancing our high‑growth food and beverages 
categories. We are also building on our strong 
position in emerging markets and pursuing 
growth opportunities in consumer healthcare. 
We are taking actions to drive long‑term growth 
through a mix shift towards higher‑margin and 
high‑growth categories, and an unmatched 
dedication to research and development.
9

--- Page 14 ---
Innovating for a changing world
At Nestlé, continuous innovation is part of our DNA. Our success is 
founded on over 150 years of anticipating trends and understanding 
consumers’ needs. This approach remains fundamental to our strategy. 
Nestlé has the most advanced science and innovation network in the  
food and beverages industry. This enables us to translate our knowledge 
into highly‑relevant products and services for our consumers.
10

--- Page 15 ---
Our understanding of the relationship between 
nutrition and health is continually evolving. 
Nestlé’s researchers are looking ahead to discover 
how we can further enhance quality of life and 
contribute to a healthier future. At our different 
sites across the world, including the Nestlé 
Research Centre and the Nestlé Institute of Health 
Sciences, we are working to discover, develop 
and deploy new products and services that we 
aim to scale up rapidly.
To augment our own capabilities, we also 
collaborate with leading universities, research 
organisations and start‑ups. Likewise, we 
have a number of innovation partnerships 
with ingredient suppliers and equipment 
manufacturing companies to accelerate product 
and technology development.
Creating tastier and healthier products
We are constantly looking for ways to improve the 
nutritional profile and taste of our products. Our 
scientific and technological solutions are inspired 
by nature.
structured sugar, and are delivering the first 
confectionery product containing it in 2018.
Enhancing infant and maternal nutrition
Through our research, we know that metabolism 
and, to some extent, taste preferences are 
programmed at an early age. We also know 
that these dietary preferences and patterns can 
have an impact on health for years to come. 
So, providing optimal nutrition for infants and 
young children in the first 1000 days of life – from 
conception to their second birthday – is crucial.
Our focus on the first 1000 days also includes 
understanding the nutritional needs of mothers 
from conception of a child to breastfeeding. 
Maternal nutrition is one of our main research 
areas today. To this end, we are working in 
partnership with a number of universities around 
the world. In one of the largest public‑private 
partnerships of its kind, we are looking at the 
impact of nutrition and lifestyle on maternal and 
infant health in collaboration with the EpiGen 
Global Research Consortium.
In 2017, over 60% of our R&D budget was 
Food sensitivity and allergies in infants is 
dedicated to developing more nutritious products. 
For our food and beverages categories, the 
focus remains on developing tastier and 
healthier offerings. We also continue to deliver 
specific health benefits through our products in 
categories like infant nutrition and health science.
Using food material science, we can increase 
the sensorial impact of the ingredients we use. 
For example, our research shows that parts of 
the ingredients that deliver taste are not fully 
released or dissolved during eating. Hence, they 
are not interacting with the taste buds. Applying 
our knowledge, we can increase the amount that 
dissolves in the mouth. This allows us to reduce 
the amount of the ingredient, while keeping the 
same perceived taste, and make new products 
that taste good and use fewer ingredients like 
sugar, salt and fat.
Our groundbreaking work in sugar reduction 
is an example of this. By structuring sugar 
differently, we were able to make it dissolve 
in the mouth quicker. This means we can use 
significantly less sugar in our confectionery 
products, while ensuring the same great taste. 
We have scaled up the production of this new 
another key area of research. A number of babies 
and children suffer from cow’s milk protein 
allergy. To help their parents and doctors to 
better manage their dietary needs, Nestlé Health 
Science has developed a range of nutritional 
solutions (Althéra, Alfaré, Alfamino). It has also 
developed tools that enable early and accurate 
diagnosis of the allergy.
Breast milk is the ideal nutrition for babies. For 
babies that cannot be breastfed, we continue to 
deepen our understanding of the composition of 
breast milk. Our mission is to innovate and offer 
the next best alternative.
Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) are 
the third most abundant component of breast 
milk. They play a key role in an infant’s healthy 
development and well‑being, supporting the 
baby’s immune system and promoting healthy 
gut microbiota. We are the first company to 
produce two varieties of HMOs on an industrial 
scale for our NAN infant formula range.
Understanding the microbiome
The billions of bacteria that live in our 
gastrointestinal tract are known as the ‘human 
11
