
--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Henri Nestlé had a vision of a better world thanks to nutrition, an idea which is still 
pertinent today. Through innovation we can help people to live healthy and fulfilling 
lives. Innovation is our heritage, the foundation on which our brands are built, 
but also a key enabler of future success. The strength and depth of our Research 
and Development differentiates us from the competition, and helps us respond 
to the major changes we see in society. We are constantly acquiring a deeper 
understanding of nutritional science, and developing products and services with the 
potential to help people to live healthier lives and to address rising healthcare costs 
globally. One good example is our research collaboration with Samsung, which will 
explore the potential of nutrition science and digital sensor technology to provide 
new insights into healthy living. We continue to further extend the boundaries of 
our Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy with Nestlé Health Science and Nestlé 
Skin Health. With their innovative pipelines of products designed to make a major 
contribution to the health needs of large parts of the population, they offer the 
promise of further growth and value creation.
We are well aware of how fundamentally digital is transforming society and 
for some time now we have been building the knowhow and talent to respond 
effectively and efficiently. Digital is changing not just how companies operate but 
also our relationships with partners, suppliers and the people who buy our products. 
It requires attention and investment to enable us to seize opportunities. Among 
others, we have enlarged our ‘Silicon Valley Innovation Outpost’ in San Francisco 
with staff drawn from the company’s marketing and technology functions. During 
the year, we launched the Henri@Nestlé open innovation platform, enabling start-up 
entrepreneurs to work with Nestlé as collaborative partners on projects that matter 
both to the company and to the millions of people who buy our products. We are 
creating a digital-first culture. This bold ambition will shape the next 150 years of the 
company’s progress.
We have always balanced investing for the long-term with delivering against our 
current financial commitments to drive growth in today’s challenging trading 
environment. We have increased investment behind our brands and sustained it.
Our long-term commitment to operational excellence delivers savings that benefit 
both growth and margins. During the year, we committed to further structural 
savings beyond those delivered annually by our continuous improvement initiative 
Nestlé Continuous Excellence. Leveraging our size and scale offers further 
opportunities to maximise efficiency. Nestlé Business Excellence is driving efforts 
to simplify, standardise and share support functions, and as such to leverage our 
scale. Here too digital contributes: delivering new capacity or routes-to-market 
4

--- Page 9 ---
without the need to construct ‘bricks and mortar’ infrastructure, or new possibilities 
to concentrate investment on projects that create more value. We continue to adapt 
our structure and organisation, finding the right balance between local focus and 
global scale to ensure we are best placed to exploit the fast-changing environment.
The Board of Directors took steps to ensure Nestlé’s continuing success after the 
transition necessitated by our changing roles. Peter Brabeck-Letmathe steps down 
in April having reached the mandatory age of retirement after 12 years as Chairman 
and before that 11 years as Chief Executive Officer. Paul Bulcke resigned as Chief 
Executive Officer at the end of 2016 after more than 8 years in the role, after the 
Board put him forward for election as Chairman of Nestlé at the upcoming Annual 
General Meeting. The Board appointed Ulf Mark Schneider to succeed him as Chief 
Executive Officer, a role he took up on January 1st 2017. Mr. Schneider was formerly 
Chief Executive Officer of the Fresenius Group, a company that offers products and 
services for dialysis, hospitals and outpatient treatments. This concludes a process 
that the Board began more than two years ago to appoint a strong leadership team 
to deliver the company’s short-term and long-term performance goals.
In September, it was announced that Luis Cantarell, Executive Vice President 
and Head of Zone EMENA, would retire at the end of the year after a long and 
distinguished career with the Group. Luis was one of the architects of the company’s 
Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy and his contribution to its success cannot 
be overstated. The Board of Directors appointed Marco Settembri, Executive Vice 
President and Head of Nestlé Waters, to succeed him. Maurizio Patarnello, Market 
Head of Nestlé Russia and the Eurasia region, was appointed Deputy Executive Vice 
President and Head of Nestlé Waters. The Board also decided to change the business 
structure for Nestlé Professional from a globally managed business to a regionally 
managed business supported by a Nestlé Professional Strategic Business Unit from 
January 1st 2017. As a result of these changes, the Head of Nestlé Professional, 
Martial Rolland, left the Executive Board to become Market Head in the Russia and 
Eurasia region. We would like to thank Luis and all of those who retired in 2016 for 
their contribution to Nestlé’s success over the years and extend our best wishes to 
them as they begin this next chapter of their lives.
During the year, in addition to the succession planning, the Board reviewed the 
Nespresso business, Nestlé Nutrition and Nestlé Health Science. It examined our 
talent development strategy and appraised the company’s portfolio management 
and the performance of the acquisitions of recent years. The Board also reviewed 
how we track the external image of the company and travelled to China in order to 
better understand the dynamics of our second largest market.
5

--- Page 10 ---
Letter to our shareholders
In 2016, Nestlé partnered with R&R, a leading ice cream company based in the 
UK, to create Froneri, a new ice cream, frozen food and chilled dairy business in 
22 countries across the globe. Building on each company’s achievements, Froneri 
brings together decades of business and manufacturing expertise to create a new 
global player in the ice cream industry.
In this fast-changing world it is more important than ever that Nestlé is consistent, 
reliable and respected, in order to build trust. The consistency of our purpose: 
enhancing quality of life and contributing to a healthier future, has led us to act 
throughout our history as a responsible member of society. We strongly believe that  
the private sector is more than just an engine for economic growth and job creation. 
We are part of the fabric of society with its challenges and opportunities. As a global 
company we can make a substantial, positive impact in society, and inspire and work 
with others to achieve even more. Creating Shared Value describes what this means 
in practice; creating value for our shareholders with projects or business opportunities 
that at the same time benefit the communities in which we operate, and furthermore, 
society as a whole. This Creating Shared Value approach to doing business was started 
at Nestlé ten years ago. We are heartened to see others in our industry and beyond 
embracing the concept of shared value today.
A good example of our determination to make a difference is the Nestlé Global  
Youth Initiative which we started in Europe three years ago. During 2016, we 
pledged to offer to under-30 year olds thousands of jobs, apprenticeships and 
traineeships in each of our three geographical Zones over the coming years, on 
top of those already created. We believe that through these efforts to promote 
readiness-to-work we can make a significant contribution towards addressing the 
social cost of youth unemployment. Through the ‘Alliance for YOUth’, which Nestlé 
founded, we are creating an even bigger impact, working with more than two 
hundred partner companies to provide training and jobs.
Each day we touch billions of lives worldwide, from the individuals and families who 
enjoy our products, to the communities where we live and work, and the natural 
environment upon which we all depend. Our 42 public commitments provide the 
framework for our efforts in these areas, and our progress towards meeting them is 
detailed in the Nestlé in society report published alongside this Annual Review. They 
are fully aligned with the United Nations’ 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDG’s) 
which set out a vision for ending poverty, hunger and inequality, and protecting the 
earth’s natural resources. The SDG’s help to guide our actions around a common 
agenda: an agenda to create a better world that we fully endorse and actively 
contribute to.
6

--- Page 11 ---
For 150 years we have adhered to a set of values rooted in respect: respect for 
ourselves, for others, for diversity and for the future. All of us at Nestlé live these 
values with passion, determination and discipline. They have withstood the test of 
time. They are integral to our success. It is our respect for future generations that 
compels us to act with responsibility and courage, even when times are difficult. 
So while we continue to take care of the short term, we are building and investing 
for the long term. We are well aware of the intensely competitive context in which 
we are operating today and are taking the steps necessary to further develop and 
strengthen your company. We are investing in the capabilities we need, the know-
how and the talent to continue to create value for you, our shareholders. This is the 
approach which we have followed successfully for 150 years. 
We would like to thank our 328 000 employees for their commitment to Nestlé. It 
is their hard work, alignment behind our strategy and dedication that enables us 
to deliver on our promises. We also want to thank you, our shareholders, for your 
continuing support, your confidence and above all for your trust. Rest assured 
that our passion for nutrition, health and wellness, and our passion for quality will 
continue to generate the sustainable, profitable returns you rightfully expect from us.
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe  
Chairman
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
7

--- Page 13 ---
Nestlé.
Enhancing quality of life
and contributing
to a healthier future.

--- Page 14 ---
The strategy
Nutrition plays a profound  
role in everyone’s life. Our 
strategy focuses on delivering 
distinct benefits to people 
through the food and beverages, 
products and services we 
provide. Over 150 years we have 
built a successful business by 
understanding and anticipating 
the needs of society, and 
continuously adapting ourselves 
to seize the opportunities 
presented to us.
The fast-evolving needs and expectations 
of society today reconfirm the validity of our 
Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy. The 
world is at an inflection point. The speed, 
intensity and the breadth of change is 
unprecedented. Digital disruption is reshaping 
our industry, our relationships with our suppliers 
and retailers, and with the people who buy our 
brands. Advances in science and technology  
are opening up new opportunities for us to  
play a role in addressing the challenges society 
faces. In a world where hundreds of millions 
of people are under-nourished, malnourished 
or over-weight we are well positioned to help 
contribute solutions.
Through our brands, our products and the 
services we offer, we are helping and inspiring 
people to live healthier lives. We are building, 
sharing and applying nutrition knowledge, 
and empowering people to make informed 
decisions about what they eat and what they 
feed their families. Our Start Healthy Stay Healthy 
programme helps parents and caregivers 
provide their children with the best start in life. In 
partnership with other stakeholders, our United 
for Healthier Kids programme helps establish 
healthier eating, drinking and lifestyle habits, and 
10

--- Page 16 ---
The strategy
the Nestlé Healthy Kids Programme is teaching 
nutrition and encouraging physical activity.
do that efficiently, effectively and responsibly. It 
drives internal alignment behind our goals.
We want our products to be the healthiest and 
It is more important than ever to ensure that 
the tastiest choices in each and every category 
we compete in. We use quality ingredients 
people know and trust, adding nutrients where 
appropriate. We are substantially reducing sugar, 
saturated fat and salt. By communicating clearly 
about the contribution each product makes 
to a healthy diet, we are helping people make 
informed decisions about what to eat and drink.
Our new nutrition and health platforms, Nestlé 
Health Science and Nestlé Skin Health, allow us 
to apply the knowledge we have developed with 
the most advanced Research and Development 
network in the industry. They enable us to 
develop products and services that meet specific 
needs of different parts of the population, to help 
address issues the world faces, for example rising 
healthcare costs.
By keeping ourselves relevant in this fast-
changing world, we can deliver industry-leading 
growth. We work with agility, creativity and 
discipline, constantly innovating and renovating 
our portfolio. Our Research and Development 
capability ensures we maintain our leading 
positions in the categories we compete in, 
driving growth throughout the portfolio. The 
innovation is broad-based across all categories, 
brands and markets. It comes in many forms – 
from blockbusters like Nespresso, to renovating 
products to keep them fresh and relevant as we 
have done with brands like Nescafé and Nescafé 
Dolce Gusto, Nido, Milo and Maggi.
Digital innovation is a strong competitive 
advantage and a cornerstone of the company’s 
future development. For some time now we 
have been creating a digital-first culture that 
enables us to manage and to benefit from the 
disruption digital is bringing. As the ‘fourth 
industrial revolution’ takes hold, we are confident 
that we can capitalise on the efficiencies and the 
opportunities digital brings.
The Nestlé Strategic Roadmap guides us in 
these turbulent times. The glue is our purpose 
and values, and our culture. The roadmap says 
what we want to be as a company, what we want 
to leverage as competitive advantages to fuel 
growth, where we want to grow and how we will 
12
resources are dedicated to the right projects, 
maximising the effectiveness of what we spend. 
We have a strong cost control culture. Through 
Nestlé Continuous Excellence we continuously 
improve our operations and deliver savings. 
With Nestlé Business Excellence we simplify, 
standardise and share. This is creating back-
office efficiencies, helping us to leverage our 
size and scale to deliver competitive advantage, 
and unlocking resources. These are the fuel 
for growth, brand support, Research and 
Development, innovation and renovation.
We challenge ourselves continuously to look 
for new opportunities and for areas where we can 
make a contribution to the issues society faces. 
This creates shared value for the communities 
where we operate and for our shareholders. We 
are contributing to society while growing our 
business. Trust is fundamental to our success. 
Trust helps deliver growth, creating shared value 
for our shareholders and for society. Quality 
and compliance underpin that trust, and are the 
best way to ensure the long-term success of our 
business.
Our strategy helps achieve our purpose: 
enhancing quality of life and contributing to a 
healthier future. Nestlé is always anticipating and 
adapting to the changing world, guided by our 
purpose and our values, as we have since the 
company started 150 years ago. Our purpose 
defines why the world is a better place with 
Nestlé, better for those who enjoy our products 
and services, and for those who are affected by 
our business. It is the inspiration for each and 
every one of us in the company. It aligns our 
actions and creates a common language. It is 
the compass for our decisions and for everything 
we do. It helps ensure we remain a ‘long-term’ 
company delivering with ‘short-term’ intensity, 
investing for future success while ensuring that 
we meet the needs of the billions of people we 
touch every day, and the expectations of our 
shareholders.

--- Page 17 ---
Operational 
pillars
Nutrition, 
Nutrition, 
Health and 
Health and 
Wellness
Wellness
Innovation 
and renovation
e – Sustainability
c
n
a
i
l
p
m
o
C
Whenever,
wherever, 
however
Operational
efficiency
Growth 
drivers
Out-of-home 
consumption
Premiumisation
Emerging 
markets and
Popularly 
Positioned 
Products
Creating S
h
are
d 
V
a
l
u
e
Our objective is to be the 
Our objective is to be the 
leader in Nutrition, Health and 
leader in Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness, and the industry 
Wellness, and the industry 
reference for financial 
reference for financial 
performance, trusted 
performance, trusted 
by all stakeholders
by all stakeholders
Consumer
engagement
Nestlé culture, values and principles
Unmatched
product
and brand
portfolio
People, 
culture, values 
and attitude
Unmatched 
geographic 
presence
Unmatched 
research 
and development 
capability
Competitive 
advantages
13

--- Page 18 ---
The highlights
Ever since Nestlé was founded we 
have provided quality products 
and services that help shape a 
better world. Henri Nestlé created 
an infant cereal that saved the life 
of a child. We share his belief that 
through innovation we can enable 
healthier and happier lives. We 
share his passion for creating the 
tastiest and healthiest products, 
building, sharing and applying our 
nutritional knowledge, enhancing 
quality of life and contributing to a 
healthier future.
14

--- Page 20 ---
Nestlé business portfolio
®
Nestlé Health 
Science
Nestlé Skin 
Health
Nestlé Nutrition
Milk products 
and Ice cream
16
