
--- Page 6 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Dear fellow shareholder,
In 2015 we built on the consistent, sustainable performance of previous years, 
delivering growth in a difficult and volatile trading environment. Our 2015 
performance was driven by the relevance of our Nutrition, Health and Wellness 
strategy, which represents our engine of value creation and which we continue  
to execute effectively.
We delivered organic growth of 4.2%, composed of real internal growth of 2.2% 
and pricing of 2.0%. Sales were CHF 88.8 billion, impacted by foreign exchange  
of –7.4%. The Group’s trading operating profit was CHF 13.4 billion with a margin  
of 15.1%, down 20 basis points on a reported basis affected by the strong Swiss 
Franc, up 10 basis points in constant currencies. This performance was achieved 
while we again increased substantially our investment in brand support, digital, 
research and development, and our new nutrition and health platforms. Net profit 
was CHF 9.1 billion. The reduction of CHF 5.4 billion versus last year was mostly  
due to the one-off impact from the disposal in 2014 of part of the L’Oréal stake 
combined with the revaluation of the Galderma stake. There was also some effect 
from foreign exchange. Earnings per share at CHF 2.90 were down 36.1% for the 
same reasons. Underlying earnings per share in constant currencies increased  
by 6.5%. The Group’s operating cash flow remained strong at CHF 14.3 billion and 
free cash flow was CHF 9.9 billion or 11.2% of sales. In view of this performance  
and the company’s strong financial position, the Board is proposing a dividend of   
CHF 2.25 per share up from CHF 2.20 last year. During the year we completed  
a share buyback of CHF 8 billion. It is worth noting that since 1942 your company 
has never reduced the dividend paid to its shareholders. In fact, the dividend has 
increased every year since 1995.
Based on our solid and consistent record in delivering growth at the higher end 
of the industry, we are confident we can continue to deliver on our long-term 
commitment: organic growth of 5% to 6% with improvements in margins and 
underlying earnings per share in constant currencies, and capital efficiency. There 
will be years when we exceed this ambition and years when we come close, but  
this is the profitable growth line we walk over time.
2016 marks the 150th anniversary of our company and we will celebrate 150 years 
of passion for Nutrition, Health and Wellness. Our founder Henri Nestlé’s 
determination, commitment and pioneering spirit have inspired our people around 
the world to develop and apply scientific and nutritional know-how to enhance the 
quality of life of our consumers and those they care for. This passion for nutrition 
2

--- Page 7 ---
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, Chairman (left), and Paul Bulcke, Chief Executive Officer (right). 
3

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
will continue to guide the development of our company in the future and will 
further strengthen our determination to bring Good Food, Good Life to billions of 
consumers around the world. It is with this conviction that we have made public 
commitments to further improve the nutritional profile of our products by reducing 
the amount of salt, sugar and saturated fats, and remove trans fats completely. 
Thanks to our unique global Research and Development capabilities, we are on 
track to meet these promises.
In addition, we are extending the boundaries of our business beyond our food and 
beverages portfolio to fully realise our Nutrition, Health and Wellness ambitions. In 
2011 we created Nestlé Health Science to exploit the therapeutic role of nutrition 
with an innovative pipeline of products designed to make a major contribution to the 
health of different populations. Then, in 2014 we created Nestlé Skin Health which 
is helping people meet the needs of their skin at every stage of life’s journey with 
products to protect, serve and enhance skin health. It is our size and our scale that 
allows us to invest heavily in these new areas that have the potential, over the long 
term, to offer great benefits to society.
For our business to prosper over the long term, we must deliver value to you, our 
shareholders, as well as to the communities in which we operate and to society as a 
whole. This is what we call Creating Shared Value. This is how we go about running 
and developing our business. This is how we build trust over time. Our full set of 
39 public commitments provide the framework for our engagement with society. 
We build trust by providing our consumers with products and services of the 
highest quality and safety. We build trust with every consumer contact we make  
as this is the basis of our future success, particularly as consumers and the public  
in a digital world enjoy full transparency on all aspects of the life of the company  
and are consequently more demanding. When trust is challenged, such as in India 
with Maggi or in the United States with Beneful, we act swiftly and decisively to  
deal with the issue. Maintaining the trust of consumers is a non-negotiable priority 
for our company.
In 2015 we continued our portfolio management, designed to ensure the right 
resource allocation and maximise the growth opportunities in every category. As 
part of this process we divested our Davigel frozen food business and announced 
our intention to build a strong player in the ice cream industry by setting up a joint 
venture with R&R Ice Cream, a leading European ice cream company. This and 
other developments were examined during the Board of Directors’ annual strategy 
review. The Board also examined the company’s R&D strategy and reviewed the 
4

--- Page 9 ---
major acquisitions of the last few years as well as the company’s business in China. 
Reflecting our belief in the importance of our people, the Board also considered 
our progress in diversity and gender balance. For the first time in 2015 we sought 
the approval of the Annual General Meeting for the compensation of the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Board as the new Swiss ‘say on pay’ law required. All 
the proposals were passed with large majorities. We believe the approach we have 
taken in this area is in line with both the law and with the spirit of the law. 
During the year Nandu Nandkishore, Executive Vice President in charge of Zone 
Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa, took early retirement after a long and 
distinguished career with Nestlé. The Board of Directors appointed Wan Ling 
Martello to succeed him in that role and François-Xavier Roger to succeed her as 
Chief Financial Officer. Also José Lopez, Executive Vice President in charge  
of Operations, took a well-deserved retirement after 36 years of dedicated service  
to the Group. He was succeeded by Magdi Batato who was most recently the 
Market Head of Pakistan. We would like to thank Nandu, José and all of those who 
retired during the year for their contributions and extend our best wishes for a  
long and happy retirement.
As we embark on our next 150 years of passion for nutrition, we thank you, our 
shareholders, for your continued trust in Nestlé. Thanks to your support, our 
clear strategic direction, our balanced portfolio, strong innovation pipeline and  
commitment to quality and to building trust, we continue to prosper. We would 
like to thank all our 335 000 employees whose hard work, alignment behind our 
Nutrition, Health and Wellness strategy and commitment to Nestlé enable us to 
deliver on our promises. By fulfilling the expectations of consumers in meaningful 
ways each day, they ensure that your company continues to generate the profitable 
growth that you, our shareholders, rightfully expect. 
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe  
Chairman
Paul Bulcke 
Chief Executive Officer
5

--- Page 10 ---
6

--- Page 11 ---
We are the leading 
Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness company.
We enhance lives 
with science-based 
nutrition and health 
solutions for all 
stages of life, helping 
consumers care 
for themselves and 
their families.
7

--- Page 12 ---
The strategy
With our Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness strategy we 
support people who want 
to live a healthier lifestyle. 
Industry-leading research and 
development drives innovation 
and supports the constant 
renovation of our food and 
beverage portfolio. In addition, 
our researchers are exploring 
the role of nutritional therapies 
to maintain or improve health 
and investigating how we can 
help people look after their 
skin. By sharing our insights 
on global Nutrition, Health 
and Wellness challenges, by 
building partnerships and by 
engaging with policymakers, 
stakeholders and key opinion 
leaders we strive to have 
a positive impact on the 
societies in which we operate. 
We empower people to make informed decisions 
when they choose what to eat. Through Start 
Healthy Stay Healthy, our interactive, science-
based education programme, we help parents 
and caregivers provide their children with the 
nutrition they need in the crucial first 1000 days 
of life. Our United for Healthier Kids programme, 
takes this further, helping parents and caregivers 
establish healthier eating, drinking and lifestyle 
habits for children as they get older, and our 
Nestlé Healthy Kids programme is helping to 
8

--- Page 13 ---
9

--- Page 14 ---
In addition, we have set out six strategic 
priorities. Firstly, Make Choices: put resources 
behind the ideas, products and categories that 
help us on our journey to recognised Nutrition, 
Health and Wellness leadership, and to deliver 
sustained financial performance. Secondly, Grasp 
Opportunities: see the opportunity in change 
and trends, and translate them into concrete 
business opportunities. The third is Value What 
Consumers Value: all that we do should create 
value for consumers and drive out waste. Fourth, 
Engage with Stakeholders: we want to be trusted 
by all consumers and stakeholders as a genuine 
and responsible member of the community. Fifth, 
Embrace Digital: deepen the connection with 
consumers through the growing e-commerce 
channel and through real-time listening, 
engagement and dialogue. Sixth is Win through 
People and Teams: we need the right people with 
the right capabilities and effective leadership at all 
levels to engage, empower and enable everyone 
to give their best.
As we strive to become a more agile and 
higher-performing organisation we ensure that 
we embed our strong culture and values across 
all our operating companies, especially those 
that are newly acquired, all within the framework 
of compliance which governs all that we do. We 
take a long-term view, framed in a robust set of 
principles and values that are based on respect: 
respect for people, respect for future generations, 
respect for the environment and respect for the 
diverse world we live in.
The strategy
deliver a healthier lifestyle for children by teaching 
nutrition and encouraging physical activity.
We are on track to deliver on our commitments 
to reduce the amount of salt, sugar and saturated 
fats in our products and remove trans fats, 
while maintaining consumer preference. We are 
enhancing our portion guidance and improving 
our labelling, printing GDAs (Guideline Daily 
Amounts) on the front of packs, making it easier 
for people to read them.
In recent years we have reinforced and 
expanded our Nutrition, Health and Wellness 
strategy with the creation of Nestlé Health 
Science and Nestlé Skin Health. Nestlé Health 
Science is advancing the role of nutritional 
therapy to change the course of health for 
consumers, patients and for our partners in 
healthcare. With Nestlé Skin Health we are 
entering the field of specialised medical skin 
treatment by offering science-based solutions for 
the health of skin, hair and nails over the course  
of people’s lives.
We strive to meet the fast-changing 
expectations of our consumers because like 
them, we care deeply about quality, food safety, 
the environment and sustainability. Responsible 
behaviour wherever we operate is at the very 
heart of what we do. It is our fundamental belief 
that for a company to prosper over the long term 
we need to create value for shareholders while at 
the same time creating value for society. We call 
this Creating Shared Value. Trusted leadership 
in Nutrition, Health and Wellness is our strategic 
ambition, Creating Shared Value is how we go 
about it. The inclusion of the Nestlé in society 
report, alongside this Annual Review and the 
Financial Statements in the 2015 Annual Report 
package, reflects how Creating Shared Value 
is fully embedded into internal management 
processes and the way we do business. 
The Nestlé Strategic Roadmap (illustrated 
opposite) is the compass that guides our 
organisation, driving internal alignment behind 
our goals. The roadmap shows how we deliver 
profitable growth, the competitive advantages 
that we leverage and the organisation we have 
chosen, in order to be effective and efficient. It is 
the framework that we use to establish priorities 
and drive execution. 
10

--- Page 15 ---
Operational 
pillars
Nutrition, 
Health and 
Wellness
Innovation 
and renovation
e – Sustainability
c
n
a
i
l
p
m
o
C
Whenever,
wherever, 
however
Operational
efficiency
Growth 
drivers
Out-of-home 
consumption
Premiumisation
Emerging 
markets and
Popularly 
Positioned 
Products
Creating S
h
are
d 
V
a
l
u
e
Our objective is to be the 
leader in Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness, and the industry 
reference for financial 
performance, trusted 
by all stakeholders
Consumer
engagement
Nestlé culture, values and principles
Unmatched
product
and brand
portfolio
People, 
culture, values 
and attitude
Unmatched 
geographic 
presence
Unmatched 
research 
and development 
capability
Competitive 
advantages
11
