
--- Page 6 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Fellow shareholders,
The 2012 environment was once again challenging, but it 
also brought opportunities. As such, it was a good example 
of what we characterise as “the new reality”. 
The fact that we delivered for the 17th consecutive time the 
Nestlé Model of organic growth between 5% and 6% together 
with an improvement in our trading operating profit margin in 
such an environment demonstrates the value of having strong 
alignment of our people behind our strategic priorities. 
This strategic alignment provides a framework for 
accelerated innovation, increased engagement with 
consumers and enhanced operational and financial 
performance. It enables us to build appropriate capabilities 
to ensure we remain fit to win in an ever more intense 
environment. It creates a real competitive advantage, 
empowering our people, and unlocking their energy and 
creativity, as we strive to meet and beat our objectives.  
It is a marriage of “global inspiration and local execution”, 
that means we are all on that same roadmap, but are  
always respectful of local cultures, tastes, habits and laws, 
and of the individuality of our consumers.
The 2012 results demonstrate that your company 
has made further progress. Sales were up 10.2% to 
CHF 92.2 billion, with organic growth of 5.9%, incorporating 
real internal growth of 3.1%. The trading operating profit 
was up 11.8% to CHF 14.0 billion and the margin increased 
by 20 basis points to 15.2%. The net profit was up 11.8% 
to CHF 10.6 billion and earnings per share increased 12.2% 
to CHF 3.33 per share. Operating cash flow increased 
from CHF 10.2 billion to CHF 15.8 billion. In view of this 
performance and the company's strong financial position, 
the Board is proposing a dividend of CHF 2.05 per share, up 
from CHF 1.95 last year.
The history of food has been of continual, gradual 
change, accompanied by an increasing understanding of the 
role of nutrition. At first, food was something people needed 
to survive, then something that brought families together, 
gave convenience and pleasure. More recently, it has 
become more consciously a way to bring health benefits. 
And the role of nutrition continues to evolve. In today’s era 
of spiraling healthcare costs, nutritional science can play a 
role in disease prevention and management.
2
As the role of nutrition has evolved, so has Nestlé, adjusting 
our offering to be in line with or anticipate the needs of our 
consumers, whilst staying true to our core business of food, 
beverage and nutrition. Today, our nutrition, health and 
wellness strategy has three aspects:
 – All our food and beverage brands, regardless of category 
or eating occasion, should offer consumers not just the 
best taste and pleasure but also the best nutritional profile 
in their category, as part of a healthy diet.
 – We are targeting particular nutritional needs through 
Nestlé Nutrition, with its Infant, Performance and Weight 
management divisions. 
 – And, through Nestlé Health Science (NHSc) and the  
Nestlé Institute of Health Sciences, which was 
inaugurated in 2012, we are pioneering science-based 
personalised nutritional solutions to prevent and treat 
medical conditions. 
Nutrition is Nestlé’s core. That core was enhanced in 2012 
by acquisitions for both Nestlé Nutrition and NHSc. NHSc 
acquired a stake in Accera, whose key brand is intended 
for the clinical dietary management of Alzheimer’s disease. 
NHSc also created a joint venture with Chi-Med, Nutrition 
Science Partners (NSP), to research and bring to market 
nutritional and medicinal products derived from plants 
with an initial focus on gastrointestinal health. NSP will get 
access to one of the leading traditional Chinese medicine 
libraries.
Nestlé Nutrition’s global leadership in infant nutrition  
was enhanced in November with the acquisition of the 
Wyeth Nutrition business from Pfizer. This business, with 
85% of its sales in emerging markets, is a wonderful fit with 
our existing business, even after the required divestitures. In 
particular, it enhances our position in that category in China. 
China would now be Nestlé’s second biggest market, 
with annualised sales of around CHF 6 billion, including the 
Wyeth Nutrition acquisition and our 2011 partnerships, Yinlu 
and Hsu Fu Chi. Our investments in China, including new 
R&D units in Xiamen and Dongguan, demonstrate our desire 
to benefit from the incredible capabilities and know-how 
which the country has to offer. Another development there 
was the opening of our dairy farming institute in Heilongjiang 
province. The institute aims to be the country’s leading dairy 
training centre. Meanwhile, our work with coffee farmers in 

--- Page 7 ---
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Chairman
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
3

--- Page 8 ---
Letter to our shareholders
Yunnan province over the last 20 years was recognised with a 
World Business and Development Award at Rio+20. 
China is just one market where people’s lives are 
changing dramatically and where there are opportunities 
for Nestlé to contribute. There are billions of consumers in 
emerging markets who share the objective of living better 
lives. This is creating a dynamic catalyst for growth and 
development, individually for people, collectively for the 
countries where they live, and for Nestlé. 
We have deep roots in emerging markets, where we  
have continued to expand our presence: in 2012 we opened 
our first factories in Angola and the Democratic Republic  
of Congo. 
As part of our Creating Shared Value strategy, we 
have also extended our relationships with farmers across 
emerging markets. 
 – One example is helping farmers adapt to climate 
change. Since 2001, we have halved our greenhouse gas 
emissions per tonne of product; if we can also reduce the 
environmental impact of our supply chain, this can help 
secure an enhanced supply of higher quality raw materials. 
 – We scaled up the Nestlé Cocoa Plan with a significant 
increase in the amount of cocoa sourced directly from 
farmers, with the intention to reach 15% in 2013. We 
are also working with the Fair Labor Association to help 
eliminate child labour on farms supplying our factories 
and to allow children to attend school.
 – We are working with local authorities in Morocco to 
increase milk production and improve the quality of fresh 
milk. The partnership should benefit 10 000 farmers. 
 – We extended our commitment to Colombian coffee 
farmers for five years and have joined a programme 
to help coffee farmers in Haiti. In Vietnam, we are 
helping 20 000 farmers improve productivity through 
better farming practices and by distributing high-yield, 
disease resistant plantlets. In India, we opened our first 
coffee “demonstration” farm to help improve quality, 
productivity and sustainability.
 – All in all we collaborate with more than 680 000 small-hold 
farmers, mainly in the areas of milk, cocoa and coffee.
The coffee category had a very dynamic year in 2012, and 
Nescafé will be celebrating its 75th anniversary in 2013. 
Nescafé Dolce Gusto is now in 62 markets, and we are 
4
making capacity investments in Germany and the United 
Kingdom. Nespresso continued to grow double-digit, 
and we have announced a CHF 300 million investment in 
Switzerland. The Nescafé systems are also performing well 
in the out-of-home market.
The success of our coffee systems businesses 
demonstrates the importance of R&D to Nestlé. In 2012, we 
celebrated our 100th anniversary in India with the opening 
of a development centre focused on local ingredients 
and popularly positioned products (products designed to 
be affordable on a daily basis for emerging consumers). 
We also began work on an R&D development centre in 
Switzerland to manage our global clinical trials programme. 
R&D brings consumer benefits even in what might be 
imagined to be standard food products, such as Maggi 
cubes in Africa. These are in fact fortified with iron and 
iodine helping to address micronutrient deficiencies; Nestlé 
can use its R&D capabilities and credibility to be part of the 
solution to health issues ranging from malnutrition to obesity 
by enriching the dialogue around health and nutrition issues. 
With this in mind, we launched several initiatives in 2012. 
 – We are supporting the United Nations Education 
First initiative, committing to teach over six million 
children in 60 countries the value of good nutrition and 
physical activity. This is part of the Nestlé Healthy Kids 
Programme, which we plan to extend to 70 countries by 
2016, in association with the International Association 
of Athletics Federations. We are also a sponsor of the 
“Institute for Healthy Childhood Weight”, established 
by the American Academy of Pediatrics. It will produce 
clear, accessible resources for health professionals, 
communities and parents, based on government policies 
and scientific evidence. 
 – Healthy aging is another key issue. The 9th Nestlé 
International Nutrition Symposium, attended by 
over 150 world-renowned scientists and healthcare 
professionals, addressed this. We also launched the 
“Elderly Care – Health Project” in China to enable 
elderly people to receive free heart checks and health 
consultations.
A priority for R&D is to advance food and nutrition science. 
In 2012 our projects included childhood allergies, diabetes, 
osteoporosis, inflammatory bowel disease, healthy 

--- Page 9 ---
“Nestlé can use its R&D capabilities  
and credibility to be part of the solution  
to health issues ranging from malnutrition  
to obesity by enriching the dialogue  
around health and nutrition issues.”
hydration, immune systems, healthier alternatives to salt, 
and the impact of dark chocolate on stress, as well as 
agriculture, packaging and environmental life cycle analysis 
of products. A strong R&D capability is at the heart of our 
ambition to be the trusted leader in Nutrition, Health and 
Wellness. As such, it is a prerequisite for a successful future, 
together with a willingness to invest and a focus on the 
longer term, regardless of shorter-term challenges. 
Critical to our success in the future is the development 
of people, the management of career paths and succession 
planning. Nestlé now has about 339 000 people, with 
thousands having joined in the last two years. They have 
found themselves part of a decentralised organisation 
which is aligned, entrepreneurial and fast moving wherever 
it operates, and which is linked together by firm values 
and principles, including a warm appreciation for the 
benefits of diversity. We have welcomed them into our 
group, expecting many to benefit from the international 
opportunities that we offer as their careers progress. 
It is fundamental that a company such as Nestlé plays 
a positive role in society. Indeed, we believe that we will 
create long-term value for our shareholders only if we 
connect positively with society at large. This is what we call 
“Creating Shared Value”. We have discussed in this letter 
how we use our know-how and resources not just to ensure 
that we run our business sustainably, but also to play a 
broad role in society. The accompanying Nestlé in society  
report details our approach and lists various commitments 
that we have made around nutrition, compliance and 
environmental sustainability amongst others. 
This commitment to Creating Shared Value stands front 
and centre as we pursue our objective of being the reference 
for financial performance in our industry and, as such,  
is a priority for your Board.
The Board’s other priorities in 2012 included the Wyeth 
Nutrition acquisition and the related funding strategy, 
balance sheet management and capital allocation, the 
management of the Group’s pensions, the asset and liability 
review, as well as reviewing the direction of our Nutrition, 
Health and Wellness strategy.
André Kudelski, will retire from our Board after twelve 
years. We would like to thank him for his greatly appreciated 
contribution. Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, Steven G. Hoch, 
5

--- Page 10 ---
Letter to our shareholders
a member of our Nomination Committee; Titia de Lange, 
a member of Nestlé’s Nutrition Council; and Jean-Pierre 
Roth, a member of our Compensation Committee, are 
standing for re-election. Eva Cheng, of Chinese nationality, 
will be proposed for election to the Board. She is the former 
Corporate Executive Vice President responsible for Greater 
China and Southeast Asia Region of Amway Corporation, a 
U.S. based global consumer product company. We believe 
that with her extensive business experience and strong 
entrepreneurial background, Ms Cheng will enrich our 
Board’s business competencies particularly in light of our 
expanding footprint in Asia.
There were changes to the Executive Board in 2012. 
James Singh retired as Chief Financial Officer and was 
succeeded by Wan Ling Martello, who joined the Group in 
2011. The Board thanks Jim for his many years of service. 
Kurt Schmidt decided to leave the company, and was 
replaced by Luis Cantarell as Head of Nestlé Nutrition. 
Luis will combine this position with running Nestlé Health 
Science, though the two businesses will remain separate.
As always, it is our pleasure to express our gratitude to 
all our people on behalf of the Board and our shareholders. 
The year under review has been another chacterised by 
difficulties and challenges, whether caused by natural 
disasters, civil unrest or the macro issues in many countries. 
Regardless, our people have continued to devote their 
energies and resourcefulness to ensuring that our company 
continues to perform to the highest levels and standards. 
Our thanks go to all of them.
The environment looks to be every bit as challenging 
in 2013 as it was in 2012. But 2013 will again provide 
opportunities to leverage our competitive advantages, 
deliver on our growth opportunities and benefit from our 
drive for continuous improvement across the Group. We 
expect, therefore, to deliver the Nestlé Model once again 
in 2013: organic growth between 5% and 6% together 
with an improved trading operating profit margin and 
underlying earnings per share in constant currency, as well 
as improvement in our capital efficiency.
6
“
A strong R&D capability is at the heart  
of our ambition to be the trusted leader  
in Nutrition, Health and Wellness. As such, 
it is a prerequisite for a successful future, 
together with a willingness to invest  
and a focus on the longer term, regardless  
of shorter-term challenges.”
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Chairman
Paul Bulcke
Chief Executive Officer
 

--- Page 11 ---
Nutrition  
is at the heart  
of Nestlé
7

--- Page 12 ---
Corporate Governance 
and Compliance
Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A.
at 31 December 2012
Corporate Governance
The prerequisite for a company to engage with society is 
compliance and effective governance. The Chairman and 
the CEO ensure the tone of good governance at Board level 
and below on the basis of strong principles that provide the 
framework of how we do business. 
In our Corporate Governance Report we outline how  
our governance ensures the effectiveness of our Board.  
It explains the role of our Board and its committees, Board 
processes and risk oversight in line with established best 
practices. Our Compensation Report is submitted annually 
to a separate advisory vote of our shareholders. The Board 
regularly solicits the input from investors, governance experts 
and proxy advisors on our governance. Resulting changes are 
described in the report and explained to shareholders prior to 
the relevant vote at the Annual General Meeting.
We integrate the reporting of financial and non  
financial performance measures along the lines of the UN 
Global Compact Principles for Responsible Investment 
(UNPRI) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), which 
plays a critical role in demonstrating our commitments  
on governance, environmental, social, ethical and 
sustainability issues. 
Good governance helps us create and maintain trust 
with our employees, investors, governments, NGOs, our 
customers, consumers and other stakeholders. In our Nestlé 
in society report we demonstrate how we engage with 
society at large. Conditioned upon strong compliance, we 
aim to run our business sustainably and for the long term. 
This gives us the legitimacy to engage with society in a way 
that leads to the creation of shared value.
Nestlé has a highly diversified ownership structure, 
and we use a number of ways to communicate with our 
shareholders. Through shareholder surveys, investor 
roundtables, analyst and engagement calls, and bilateral 
meetings, we have established a dialogue with our investors, 
pursuing a holistic approach that manages both their 
financial and governance expectations. 
We are actively engaged in the development of Swiss law 
and governance practices. In 2012, focus was on the proper 
functioning of the voting chain and the development of a 
Swiss Code of Best Practice for the Exercise of Voting Rights 
by Institutional Investors.
8
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe
Paul Bulcke
Helmut O. Maucher
Honorary Chairman
David P. Frick
Secretary to the Board
KPMG SA Geneva branch 
Independent auditors
Term expires 2013 (1)
Andreas Koopmann
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe (2, 4)
Chairman
Term expires 2013 (1)
Paul Bulcke (2)
Chief Executive Officer
Term expires 2014 (1)
Andreas Koopmann (2, 3, 4)
1st Vice Chairman
Chairman of Georg Fischer AG.
Term expires 2014 (1)

--- Page 13 ---
(1)  On the date of the Annual 
  General Meeting.
(2) Chairman’s and Corporate 
  Governance Committee.
(3) Compensation Committee.
(4)  Nomination Committee.
(5) Audit Committee.
For further information on the 
Board of Directors, please refer  
to the Corporate Governance 
Report 2012, enclosed.
Rolf Hänggi
Jean-Pierre Meyers
Ann M. Veneman
Naïna Lal Kidwai
André Kudelski
Henri de Castries
Titia de Lange
Beat Hess
Daniel Borel
Steven G. Hoch
Jean-Pierre Roth
Rolf Hänggi (2, 5)
2nd Vice Chairman
Former Chairman, Rüd,  
Blass & Cie AG.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Beat Hess (2)
Former Group Legal Director, 
Royal Dutch Shell plc.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Daniel Borel (3)
Co-founder and Board member, 
Logitech International S.A.
Term expires 2015 (1)
Jean-Pierre Meyers (3)
Vice Chairman, L’Oréal S.A.
Term expires 2014 (1)
André Kudelski (5)
Chairman and CEO, Kudelski 
Group.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Steven G. Hoch (4)
Founder and Senior Partner, 
Highmount Capital.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Naïna Lal Kidwai (5)
Country Head of HSBC Group  
of Companies in India.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Titia de Lange
Associate Director, Anderson 
Cancer Center, 
The Rockefeller University.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Jean-Pierre Roth (3)
Chairman, Geneva Cantonal Bank.
Term expires 2013 (1)
Ann M. Veneman (4)
Former Executive Director  
UNICEF and Secretary of U.S. 
Department of Agriculture.
Term expires 2014 (1)
Henri de Castries (5)
Chairman and CEO, AXA.
Term expires 2015 (1)
9

--- Page 14 ---
“Good compliance is a condition for us 
to engage credibly with society. Beyond 
compliance, we do business sustainably – 
preserving our business and our environment 
for future generations.”
Corporate Governance and Compliance
We continue to pursue initiatives to improve dialogue with 
all our stakeholders on the basis of the clear expectations 
set in the purpose clause of our Articles of Association, 
where we have committed ourselves to aim for long-term, 
sustainable value creation. 
Compliance
We will not sacrifice our principles and values for short-term 
success. Compliance with laws, codes of conduct and 
our own principles forms the basis of how we do business 
and is the foundation on which we engage with society. 
While responsibility is assigned to the markets as per our 
Custodian Concept, a dedicated corporate Compliance 
function and a cross-functional Compliance Committee 
define the framework, facilitate the coordination between 
the relevant support functions and provide guidance and 
best practices in a holistic approach to Governance, Risk and 
Compliance (GRC). 
The right commitment and tone at the top foster a  
strong, principles-based compliance culture. The ten 
principles of our Corporate Business Principles provide the 
over-arching framework. Various corporate functions ensure 
their continued implementation. Our Management  
and Leadership Principles, our Code of Business Conduct  
and our Supplier Code are other cornerstones of our  
cross-functional Corporate Compliance Programme. 
Awareness campaigns and regular risk assessments help us 
implement and develop relevant best practices. Compliance 
is regularly monitored by our corporate functions, internal 
and external audit, and through our expanded CARE audit 
programme relying on an independent external audit 
network. In our performance evaluations compliance is 
linked to “how” goals were accomplished.
Our anti-bribery and antitrust programmes included 
global training initiatives in 2012. Our integrity reporting 
system was rolled out globally to deal with compliance 
related grievances, complementing the “whistleblower 
procedure” introduced with our Code of Business 
Conduct. Fraud, employment conditions, privacy and 
regulatory compliance were other focus areas. We use 
our Nestlé Continuous Excellence (NCE) framework to 
foster a common understanding of compliance across 
the functions. This includes the verification of appropriate 
10

--- Page 15 ---
Executive Board of Nestlé S.A.
at 31 December 2012
For further information on the 
Executive Board, please refer  
to the Corporate Governance 
Report 2012, enclosed.
Standing (from left to right): Marc Caira, John J. Harris, Werner Bauer, Chris Johnson, Laurent Freixe, Doreswamy (Nandu) Nandkishore, David P. Frick, Jean-Marc Duvoisin
Seated (from left to right): José Lopez, Patrice Bula, Paul Bulcke, Wan Ling Martello, Luis Cantarell
Paul Bulcke Chief Executive 
Officer
Members, Executive Board
Werner Bauer EVP, Innovation, 
Technology, Research and 
Development
Luis Cantarell EVP, Nestlé 
Nutrition, President and CEO, 
Nestlé Health Science
José Lopez EVP, Operations, 
GLOBE
John J. Harris EVP, Nestlé Waters
Laurent Freixe EVP, Europe
Chris Johnson EVP, United States 
of America, Canada, Latin 
America, Caribbean
Patrice Bula EVP, Strategic 
Business Units, Marketing and 
Sales
Doreswamy (Nandu) 
Nandkishore EVP, Asia, Oceania, 
Africa, Middle East
Wan Ling Martello EVP, Chief 
Financial Officer (includes Legal, 
Intellectual Property, Global 
Business Services)
Marc Caira Deputy EVP, Nestlé 
Professional
Jean-Marc Duvoisin Deputy EVP, 
Human Resources
David P. Frick SVP, Corporate 
Governance, Compliance and 
Corporate Services
Yves Philippe Bloch, Corporate 
Secretary
EVP: Executive Vice President 
SVP: Senior Vice President
11
