
--- Page 3 ---
DEAR FELLOW STAKEHOLDERS,
This year, NVIDIA made important advances in our growth markets 
and delivered strong financial results.
  Revenue excluding chipsets, which we are exiting,  
grew 33 percent. Growth was largely driven by discrete 
GPUs—including GeForce for gamers and consumers, 
Quadro for designers and Tesla for scientists and 
engineers. 
  PC users continue to value GPUs. More than half of all 
consumers and nearly all designers buy PCs with GPUs, 
reflecting the importance of graphics and our ability to 
continue providing amazing visual experiences.
  Tegra, our mobile processor, recorded revenue growth 
of more than 400 percent to $360 million. Our effort to 
engage the fast-growing mobile industry is paying off. 
We are one of the very few companies from the PC 
industry to have made the leap to the mobile industry.
  And we announced and shipped Tegra 3, the industry’s 
most advanced mobile processor, which has been 
adopted by top-tier phone and PC companies around  
the world.
The year wasn’t without challenges and disappointments. 
Disk drive shortages, caused by severe floods in Thailand, 
slowed the PC market. Demand in Europe was soft. And the 
first generation of Android tablets showed disappointing 
results, due to their high cost and limited applications. 
Rather than booting up PCs, we now turn to our always-
on, always-connected digital companions. With hundreds 
of thousands of applications just a touch away, these 
devices are more powerful than ever. 
Even amid the mobile computing revolution, the PC will 
remain the most productive and powerful computer. It 
will continue to be especially important for designers who 
create new worlds, engineers who design new products 
and gamers who crave more amazing experiences.
OUR STRATEGY
NVIDIA is dedicated to advancing visual computing, a 
growing field in which we have great expertise and passion. 
Our 4,500 patents granted or pending include inventions 
vital to modern computing, such as the GPU and program-
mable shading, as well as those that will shape the future 
of computing, such as CUDA and parallel processing.
Our GPUs give PCs the power to make visual applications 
silky smooth. We expect growth as more PCs are used for 
gaming, design and creating content.
We also extend the GPU into new growth opportunities, 
such as data centers that power cloud computing and 
mobile processors for smartphones and tablets.
This year, we made great progress executing our strategy.
Despite the challenging environment, revenue rose 13 
percent to $4.0 billion. Gross margin increased to 51.4 
percent, up 11.6 percentage points. Diluted earnings per 
share more than doubled to $0.94. 
TEGRA LIFTS OFF
Tegra grew strongly and has an exciting future. We have 
evolved from being a new entrant in a crowded field to one 
of the top partners for makers of smartphones and tablets. 
A SHIFTING LANDSCAPE
The computing world is experiencing its biggest transfor-
mation in decades. The PC’s position at its center is being 
replaced by the mobile device, helped by more energy-
efficient processors, wireless connectivity and data 
centers that have turned shrink-wrapped applications  
into web services delivered from the cloud. 
Tegra is setting the bar for the industry. With Tegra 2, we 
were the first to ship dual-core mobile processors. With 
Tegra 3, we were the first to ship quad-core processors, 
complete with a “4-PLUS-1” hybrid architecture that 
delivers exceptional processing power as well as great 
battery life. We also invented new technologies like PRISM, 
a power-saving backlight technology and DirectTouch, 
enabling faster touch processing. 
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
2012 ANNUAL REVIEW 
1

--- Page 4 ---
Acer, ASUS, HTC, Fujitsu, LG and ZTE have already 
announced Tegra 3 super phones or tablets. Many  
more are in development.
We expanded in the mobile market in June with the  
$352 million cash acquisition of Icera, a U.K.-based 
modem company with a highly sophisticated processor 
that enables software-defined radios. With Icera, we are 
now one of a very few companies that offer leading-edge 
mobile processor, modem and system software. The  
ZTE Mimosa, introduced at the recent Mobile World 
Congress tradeshow, is only the first phone to bring 
together our Tegra and Icera technologies.
Cars, the ultimate mobile computer, are also an exciting 
growth opportunity for Tegra. Already, Tegra drives the 
infotainment systems for Audi and Lamborghini. Soon, it 
will be in systems from BMW, Tesla Motors and Rolls 
Royce. The car of the future will provide the comfort of a 
home theater and robotics technology to make driving 
safer. NVIDIA will play a key role in its development. 
GEFORCE: ESSENTIAL GEAR OF GAMERS 
The PC gaming market is thriving. Modern Warfare 3 
recorded over $1 billion in sales in just 16 days, one day 
faster than the blockbuster film Avatar. Battlefield 3 flew off 
the shelves and set new standards for realism and game-
play. In China, gamers keep 160,000+ icafes humming.
The purpose of GeForce is to amaze and delight gamers. 
We don’t stop at building the most advanced GPUs. We 
develop sophisticated graphics algorithms and software. 
We invent technologies that simulate physics, water, 
smoke, light and shadows to make games more realistic. 
We collaborate deeply with developers so that their games 
take full advantage of our GPUs. We invent 3D glasses that 
work perfectly with high-resolution computers, creating  
a more immersive experience. All of these innovations 
make possible the most amazing game experience.  
We are to gamers what Nike is to athletes.
Our dedication to their experience resulted in NVIDIA 
taking 64 percent of the desktop discrete market in the 
fourth quarter.  
We have just begun rolling out a new line of GeForce 
GPUs based on our revolutionary Kepler architecture, 
which brings unprecedented capabilities and a giant leap 
in energy efficiency. Initial reaction is fantastic. Reviews 
are glowing and gamers lined up all around the world for 
them, with the first shipments selling out in an hour. 
REVOLUTIONIZING WORKSTATIONS
Quadro helps designers realize their imagination and 
bring it quickly to market. 
This year, we introduced Maximus, putting a Tesla  
supercomputing GPU inside a workstation, resulting in  
a desk-side computer so powerful that it simulates the 
physics of a design while it is being created.
Designers and engineers can now simultaneously do 
graphics-intensive and compute-intensive work on the 
same machine. What once required racks of servers and 
hours of waiting can now be done on a desktop, in real 
time, greatly improving time to market. 
We joined forces with HP to introduce the world’s first 
all-in-one workstation, the Quadro-based HP Z1. The Z1 
features a 27-inch display that snaps open, like the hood 
of a car, so users can easily swap out parts and make 
upgrades; no tools required. This is an entirely new 
category of professional workstation that we believe  
will tap market segments, particularly in the creative 
professions, where space is at a premium and users are 
unwilling to compromise performance. 
TO EXASCALE AND BEYOND
Of the world’s Top500 supercomputers, 35 are now 
powered by NVIDIA GPUs—triple last year’s number. 
Supercomputers enable researchers to efficiently explore 
the most complex challenges in quantum chemistry, 
climate research, alternative energy and other critical 
scientific areas. Tesla GPUs gained strong momentum  
in high performance computing this past year, as the 
promise of exascale computing—about 1,000X faster than 
today’s supercomputers—took hold. 
Tesla GPUs power three of the world’s top five super-
computers. The National Center for Supercomputing 
Applications chose Tesla for its Blue Waters project, 
2
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
2012 ANNUAL REVIEW 

--- Page 5 ---
which will deploy a supercomputer capable of sustained 
performance of 1 petaflops. Oak Ridge National Labora-
tories selected Tesla as it set out to develop “Titan,” the 
world’s fastest supercomputer. 
Software developers from a broad range of industries see 
the benefits of Tesla. The number of Tesla-accelerated 
applications has grown to more than 80 from a handful 
two years ago, including those for molecular dynamics, 
computational chemistry and physics, seismic processing 
and equity risk analysis. 
Simulation has become the modern laboratory for a 
growing number of industries. High performance  
computing already consumes more than 2 million  
computing nodes a year. We believe all of these nodes  
will eventually utilize a GPU-CPU hybrid multi-core 
architecture. 
High performance computing is a large growth opportunity 
for GPUs. Supercomputing centers were early adopters, 
with industry and universities now coming on board.  
Data centers for consumer cloud services will come next. 
Today’s supercomputer is tomorrow’s cloud computing 
data center. 
INSPIRING OUR COMMUNITY
Our technologies are making a difference, and so are  
our people. 
With 7,300 employees across 40 offices worldwide,  
we are bound together by a common vision and values. 
NVIDIA’s high-performance, creative, one-team spirit 
starts from a culture of giving. Each year, we forego our 
holiday parties and dedicate our financial and human 
resources to help our communities in an effort called 
Project Inspire.
This year, some 1,500 employees, family and community 
members volunteered more than 10,000 hours to trans-
form Full Circle Farm, a community farm in Sunnyvale, 
Calif., dedicated to make a difference by helping and 
teaching the community to eat and live healthy. Through 
the effort of our employees, we expanded Full Circle’s 
facilities and growing capacity so they can become 
self-sustaining. 
And in response to Japan’s devastating earthquake and 
tsunami, we organized Operation Kizuna, which is the 
Japanese word for love and friendship. We donated  
$2.75 million, most of which was put toward helping  
small family businesses get back on their feet.
We gave back more this year than in any other. Our 
culture of giving is one of my greatest sources of pride. 
THE YEAR AHEAD
At the core of our strategy is creating amazing experiences 
by innovating in visual computing and advancing the GPU.
Already, the GPU is central to the computing experience 
for gamers and designers, and how we enjoy the rich 
displays of super phones and tablets. It is accelerating  
our way to exascale supercomputing. Soon, it will help 
cloud computing data centers deliver rich graphics.
Energy-efficiency is vital in each of these segments.  
It rests at the soul of Kepler—a GPU so energy efficient 
that it can power experiences from mobile devices to 
Ultrabooks to data centers.
Visual computing is more important than ever. Mobile 
computing is growing faster than ever. The market for  
the GPU is larger than ever. I believe the investments 
we’ve made will enable us to drive these trends and 
deliver rewards to our shareholders, our employees  
and our customers.
Sincerely,
Jen-Hsun Huang 
Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 2012
NVIDIA CORPORATION  
2012 ANNUAL REVIEW 
3
 
 
 
