
--- Page 3 ---
Robert A. McDonald
Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
Dear Shareholders,
Last year, I described P&G’s Purpose-inspired Growth Strategy, which is to
touch and improve more consumers’ lives in more parts of the world more
completely. I told you that we intend to deliver total shareholder return
that consistently ranks P&G among the top third of our peers — the best-
performing consumer products companies in the world. To do this, we
must deliver the Company’s long-term annual growth goals, which are to:
(cid:333)(cid:3)Grow organic sales 1% to 2% faster than
market growth in the categories and countries
where we compete
(cid:333)(cid:3)Deliver core earnings per share (core EPS) growth
of high single to low double digits
(cid:333)(cid:3)Generate free cash ﬂow productivity of
90% or greater

--- Page 4 ---
2 The Procter & Gamble Company
We made meaningful progress toward these long-term goals
for ﬁscal 2011, despite signiﬁcant external challenges.
Growth Drivers
(cid:333)(cid:3) Organic sales grew 4%. Organic volume grew 5%.
(cid:333)(cid:3) Core earnings per share grew 8%.
(cid:333)(cid:3) Free cash ﬂow productivity was 84% of net earnings.
We increased our quarterly dividend by 9%, making
this the 121st consecutive year that P&G has paid
a dividend and the 55th consecutive year that the
dividend has increased.
Over the past 55 years, P&G’s dividend has increased at an
annual compound average rate of approximately 9.5%. In total,
we paid approximately $5.8 billion in dividends in ﬁscal 2011.
We also returned $7.0 billion to shareholders through the
repurchase of P&G stock. Based on our current market
capitalization, dividends and share repurchase, we provided
shareholders with an effective cash yield of nearly 7%, with
additional potential for capital appreciation.
This is good performance in a very demanding business and
economic environment. It is not yet great performance. I am
conﬁdent, however, that we will continue to grow our business
on the strength of our Purpose-inspired Growth Strategy:
(cid:333)(cid:3) We are executing the strategy as planned, with
unrelenting focus on innovation.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We are increasing productivity, which frees up resources
to invest in innovation.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We continue to strengthen our portfolio of businesses.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We are tackling growth challenges head on.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We have solid, executable plans in place to capture the
enormous growth potential that our strategy creates.
Further, P&G people are inspired and are performing heroically
to improve lives, to grow our business, and to create value
for our shareholders. My objective, with this Letter, is to explain
what we are doing in each of these areas.
P&G’s Purpose is to touch and improve people’s everyday lives.
This is an inspiring but demanding aspiration. There are nearly
seven billion people on the planet today and we are currently
reaching about 4.4 billion of them. We want to reach all of
them with products and services that make their everyday lives a
little better. We know that if we do this well, we’ll be rewarded
with sales and proﬁt growth, market share leadership, a strong
company reputation and, ultimately, the creation of value that
allows our people, our shareholders and the communities in
which we live and work to prosper.
Our growth strategy, which we established two years ago, is
inspired by our Purpose. We are executing this strategy by
innovating to improve people’s everyday lives in every part of
the world, and by then expanding our portfolio of innovation
up and down price tiers, into new markets, and into new and
existing product categories.
This strategy is fundamentally right for P&G because it inspires
our people and our partners, focuses us where the growth
opportunities are greatest, and leverages our core strengths:
consumer understanding, brand building, go-to-market capability,
global scale and, most importantly, innovation.
Innovation Wins Decades
Innovation is the driving force behind our strategy, as it always
has been at P&G. Our experience has proven that price promotion
may win a quarter here and there, but innovation wins decades.
There are many examples to prove this. Take our Laundry
business in the U.K., for instance. In the late 1970s, we were
competing hard just to defend and maintain our 35% market
share leadership position. We then stepped up our innovation
efforts. In the three decades since, we’ve introduced a series of
game-changing innovations such as Daz automatic detergent,
concentrated liquid detergent, and most recently, Liquitabs.
We now enjoy around a 50% share.
We’ve seen the same dynamic in Oral Care. In the 1990s, we
lost our historical lead versus our top competitor because they
simply out-innovated us. We stepped up our innovation game
once again and delivered a string of product breakthroughs
including Crest Whitestrips, Crest Pro-Health, and Crest 3D White.
We restored P&G’s leadership of the U.S. Dentifrice category,
which is now enabling us to expand these innovative products
around the world.

--- Page 5 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company 3
Purpose-inspired Growth Strategy: Our path forward
Organic Sales Growth (1)
Core EPS Growth (2)
Free Cash Flow (3)
fy 2011
4%
8%
annual growth targets
1–2% above global market growth rates
High single to low double digits
84% of net earnings
90% of net earnings
(1) Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP measure of sales growth. See page 51 for a reconciliation of net sales growth to organic sales growth.
(2) Core EPS growth is a non-GAAP measure of the Company’s diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations. See page 51 for a reconciliation of Core EPS to diluted
net earnings per share from continuing operations.
(3) Free cash ﬂow productivity is deﬁned as the ratio of free cash ﬂow to net earnings.
I’ll share one more example. Head & Shoulders was a relatively
small, primarily North American brand a decade ago. We invested
in a combination of marketing and product innovations and
then began to expand the brand globally. Since then, we have
more than tripled sales and Head & Shoulders is now the largest
shampoo brand in the world.
These and other experiences reinforce our commitment to
innovation as the fundamental driver of P&G’s growth.
We invest about $2 billion a year in Research &
Development — about 60% more than our next
closest competitor and more than most of our
competitors combined.
The investment continues to pay off. We currently have the
strongest innovation and global expansion program in P&G history.
We are globalizing products such as Gillette Fusion ProGlide,
Crest 3D White, Laundry additives, and the Pampers thinness
and absorbency upgrade.
We’re also expanding successful marketing innovation such
as the Shiksha education program in India, in which P&G
contributes a brick to build a school for each pack of product
purchased, or the Pampers “One Pack Equals One Vaccine”
campaign with its focus on eradicating maternal and neonatal
tetanus. The Old Spice “Smell Like a Man, Man” campaign
generated consumer excitement and demand that catapulted
the brand to market leadership. P&G’s global sponsorship
of the Olympic Games provides an outstanding platform for
integrated, multi-branded commercial innovation.
In this past ﬁscal year, we grew or held market share on
businesses representing about 60% of our sales, which is the best
indication that consumers are rewarding P&G innovation despite
a highly competitive and demanding economic environment.
We also continue to earn external recognition for our
innovations. In 2010, P&G launched eight of the top 25 most
successful new products in the consumer products industry
in North America, as measured by SymphonyIRI Group
(which recognized us last year as one of the most innovative
manufacturers in the U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods Industry
for the past decade, presenting us with an Outstanding
Achievement in Innovation Award). Crest 3D White was
the most successful new product launch measured by
SymphonyIRI Group last year. For the past 16 years, P&G has
had 132 products on the top 25 New Product Pacesetters list,
more than our six largest competitors combined.
In 2011, P&G along with our agencies brought
home a record-setting 32 Cannes Lion awards
(which recognize the world’s best advertising and
communications) at the Cannes Lions International
Festival of Creativity (formerly known as the
International Advertising Festival). This was nearly
double our previous record of 17 — and more than
double the combined number of Lions awarded to
our six closest competitors. We were also awarded
the title of Most Effective Marketer in the World
by Efﬁe Worldwide.

--- Page 6 ---
4 The Procter & Gamble Company
All this reﬂects P&G’s deep and abiding commitment to
innovation, which is always the best driver of long-term
sustainable growth — for P&G’s business and for the categories
in which we compete. In the section that follows this Letter,
you will ﬁnd a series of stories that bring P&G innovation to
life — stories that show how P&G people innovate for the way
everyday life is lived and, as a result, improve lives in every
moment of the day, in every part of the world, through
everything we do.
1.
Integrated Plans for Developing Markets
We are creating multi-category plans for our top-priority
developing markets. These are plans that bring together
multiple categories and multifunctional capabilities in ways
that an individual brand or category team could not. They
reduce affordability barriers, accelerate speed of market entry,
increase relevance to distributors, retailers, governments
and potential employees, and create greater probabilities
of success.
Productivity Fuels Innovation
Productivity is the second critical growth driver for P&G.
Improved productivity frees up resources to invest in innovation
that improves lives and drives top- and bottom-line growth.
It is a virtuous cycle.
Our three most important productivity initiatives in
the Company today are integration, simpliﬁcation
and digitization. They are highly interdependent and
mutually reinforcing.
Integration
Integrating to operate more fully as a single company is the
way we turn our size into scale and our scale into faster growth
and cost advantage. For many years, the focus was on individual
brands. We then shifted to managing on a regional product
category basis and, later, to a global category basis. We’re now
operating through Global Business Units and Market Development
Organizations to go to market as a single Company, rather than
as categories, and have expanded our Global Business Services
organization to scale work and to provide better operational
support at lower cost.
For the most part, each of these evolutionary steps made P&G
more cost efﬁcient and incrementally faster, but we still weren’t
getting the full beneﬁt of our scale. We are now beginning to
reap greater scale advantages by integrating as one Company.
3.
There are multiple efforts under way throughout the organization,
but I’ll highlight three of the most important ones to illustrate
how we create Company scale.
We’ve launched these plans over the past 18 months in
several markets, including the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia,
India, and China) and successfully accelerated our historic
growth rates. Brazil is a good example. Our integrated plan
for that market will double the number of categories in
which P&G competes in the next few years. We launched
two new categories this year (Skin Care and Air Care) with
three more planned for 2012. We’ve accelerated sales growth
from a 12% average over the 2006 – 2009 period to 28% in
2010 and 32% this past year. We’ve seen similar results in other
countries. We will continue to execute these plans in our
top-priority developing markets over the next several years.
2. Multi-Brand Commercial Innovation
We’re creating more multi-brand programs such as our
Olympic Games sponsorship, Future Friendly (an environ-
mental sustainability initiative) and P&G Brand Saver
(a dedicated newspaper insert of advertising, coupons and
consumer education). These multi-brand initiatives earn
signiﬁcantly higher returns than many independent brand
programs. They beneﬁt from association with P&G as the
parent company, cost less to execute, and attract broad
retail support. Here, too, we can bring a broad, strong and
diverse mix of leading brands to these executions that other
companies with narrower portfolios simply cannot do.
Integrated Supply Chain
We’re moving from large, single-category manufacturing
plants to more localized, scaled multi-category facilities that
enable us to lower cost by leveraging the same infrastructure
(utilities, roads, rail spurs — which are often up to 50% of
the cost of a new plant), as well as lower transportation and
delivery costs. Accelerating local production also enables us
to use local talent and materials. At the same time, these
operations enable us to improve customer service with more
frequent multi-category full-truck deliveries.
This, like multi-brand commercial innovation, creates com-
petitive advantage that is difﬁcult for more narrowly focused
competitors to match.

--- Page 7 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company 5
Digitization
Our third major productivity effort is dramatically increased use
of digital technology. Our intention is to make P&G the most
technology-enabled company in the world. We are achieving
this by focusing on four key areas: We want to enable one-on-
one relationships with customers and consumers around the
world; we are focused on harnessing the power of real-time
business intelligence to aid decision making; we are accelerating
innovation by using digital technology to create visibility from
molecule-creation to the store shelf; and we are standardizing
best-in-class systems to integrate data.
Digitizing P&G will enable us to manage the business
in real time and on a demand-driven basis. We’ll be
able to collaborate more effectively and efﬁciently,
inside and outside the Company. And we’ll interact
with consumers, retail partners and others far more
directly and frequently than we can do today.
We’re already seeing the beneﬁts of digitization. We are
increasingly making business decisions faster and more
collaboratively with real-time data. We’re using virtual reality
technologies to reduce cost and increase the speed of
innovation. We are reducing the number of physical product
mock-ups created for new product initiatives. Virtual shelving
and displays are simplifying the way we test our brands with
top customers, and new product modeling tools are improving
our engineering and design productivity.
Employees are connecting faster through high-
deﬁnition technology that is reducing the need for
travel by as much as 20,000 trips per year, saving
$50 million annually.
All these productivity efforts are focused on one goal: high-quality
proﬁtable growth achieved on the strength of P&G innovation
and with the ﬁnancial and operational discipline that you expect
of P&G — and which we demand of ourselves.
Simpliﬁcation
Simpliﬁcation is also a critical driver of productivity. We’re pursuing
opportunities in a wide range of areas, two of which are the most
far-reaching.
1. Simplifying the Business
We’re simplifying the business by creating standard manu-
facturing platforms with common packages, formulas,
materials, equipment and operational systems. This enables
faster speed to market and concurrent product launches
across regions at a lower cost. We’re moving from more
than 500 manufacturing platforms as of two years ago to
a target of about 150 platforms by 2014. We think this is
worth about $500 million in savings worldwide.
Product simpliﬁcation is also a big opportunity. Today, we
have more than 50,000 unique products and we believe
we can increase the productivity of our portfolio of offerings
by 30% over three years. We are investing in new tools and
using deep shopper insight to simplify product lines and
increase consumer and shopper satisfaction. Our research
shows that in certain categories shoppers feel they have more
choices after category options are reduced because there
is less clutter and confusion; they can more easily ﬁnd the
product that meets their speciﬁc need.
2. Simplifying Processes that Support our Business
P&G currently has 5,000 Product Supply Planners distributed
over 300 locations globally. Over the next three years, we
will consolidate planning tasks into regional planning centers
and implement new simulation tools. This centralization and
digitization will improve productivity and create deeper,
more sustainable organizational capabilities. Simplifying our
planning processes and implementing new technologies will
lower transportation and warehousing costs and improve
productivity by 25% or more.
Packaging simpliﬁcation is another big opportunity. P&G
spends over $5 billion annually on packaging materials and
more than $250 million on packaging development costs.
The packaging development process touches every function
in the Company, involves more than 3,000 employees, and
has signiﬁcant opportunities for simpliﬁcation and cost
savings. We are implementing virtualized end-to-end pack-
aging development tools, which we believe can drive a 30%
reduction in packaging costs and release 30% of the time
spent today on package design.

--- Page 8 ---
6 The Procter & Gamble Company
Strategic Choices Create a Winning Portfolio
We continue to take steps to strengthen P&G’s portfolio of
businesses, which enables us to focus on our greatest growth
opportunities. Two years ago, we exited our pharmaceuticals
business. This was an industry where the innovation model did
not play to P&G’s strengths, where there was little go-to-market
synergy with the rest of P&G’s businesses, and where branding
was inherently difﬁcult and less relevant. We felt that exiting
pharmaceuticals would allow us to focus our efforts on consumer-
oriented health care, where we can more clearly apply our
Company’s strengths and where there are strong economic
and demographic tailwinds.
We are advancing this over-the-counter (OTC) focus with the
intent to form a joint venture with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries,
which we announced earlier this year. We will maintain our
North America OTC business, which generates 60% of our total
OTC sales. We will gain access to Teva’s manufacturing scale as
the largest prescription drug manufacturer in the world, to their
library of molecules including several prescription-to-OTC switch
portfolios, to their highly effective regulatory capabilities, and to
best-in-class pharmacy coverage in many markets. Teva will
further strengthen its position with major pharmacy customers
around the world and leverage P&G’s consumer understanding
and brand-building strengths. This partnership will allow both
companies to signiﬁcantly accelerate entry into additional OTC
categories and markets.
Negotiations continue to progress well as we work to close the
transaction by the end of this calendar year.
We closed the Ambi Pur acquisition and have completed a
successful integration. Through a combination of the acquisition
and organic expansions of the Febreze brand, we have grown
our Air Care presence from 17 markets to nearly 90 markets.
And, most recently, through a disciplined approach and two
rounds of negotiations, we agreed to divest Pringles to
Diamond Foods. This transaction is expected to close by the
end of calendar 2011 and will complete P&G’s exit from the
food and beverage business.
Strengthening our business portfolio is an ongoing process. We
continually evaluate the strength of our portfolio by assessing
category attractiveness across three dimensions: industry
attractiveness (market size, growth and structural economics),
competitive position (share, proﬁtability versus industry, brand
equity/consumer purchase intent versus competition), and
portfolio ﬁt (ability to apply the Company’s core capabilities of
brand building innovation, consumer understanding, go to
market and scale). Based on this evaluation, we believe that our
current portfolio is the strongest it has been in many years and
provides a highly strategic platform for market leadership and
sustainable growth.
These are the cornerstones of P&G’s growth strategy and our
ability to create sustainable shareholder value: innovation that
improves everyday life in every part of the world … fueled by
productivity that frees up resources to invest … in a portfolio
of businesses and brands designed for growth.
Growth Challenges
As we executed the Company’s growth strategy this past year,
we faced a number of extremely challenging external head-
winds — two of which are most important and most likely to
continue in the year ahead.
We are facing rapid and signiﬁcant increases in commodity costs.
Materials and energy costs were up more than $1.8 billion
before tax for the ﬁscal year. We’re taking a holistic approach
to manage these cost increases.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We’re turning up the dial on our productivity and
cost-savings initiatives, as indicated previously.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We’re creating alternative product formulations and
developing materials that use renewable feedstocks.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We’re reducing our dependency on commodity and
energy costs through our own and our suppliers’
sustainability efforts.
(cid:333)(cid:3) We’re increasing prices where necessary, coupled
with innovation where possible, to deliver the best
consumer value.
We expect commodity costs to continue escalating in the year
ahead and will remain highly disciplined to ensure we can offset
increases as fully as possible while continuing to invest in growth
and create shareholder value.
Developed markets are growing slower than expected. These
markets — principally North America, Western Europe and
Japan — account for about two-thirds of our sales. Their under-
performance reduced total Company growth by one percentage
point in ﬁscal year 2011.

--- Page 9 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company 7
Our primary response to slow-growth markets is innovation —
the only sustainable way to grow faster than the markets
in which we compete. Innovation creates consumer value,
stimulates market growth and attracts retail support. We don’t
anticipate accelerated economic recovery in developed markets
in the coming year, but we remain conﬁdent that our focus
on creating and expanding innovations will enable us to grow
even where underlying market growth rates remain soft.
On this basis, we currently compete in only about one-third
of the potential segments. Here, too, we are expanding our
presence. We’ve recently introduced the Crest 3D White lineup,
Gillette Fusion ProGlide, and Olay ProX as premium products.
At lower price points, innovations such as Gillette Guard
(our entry point razor system in India), Pampers Simply Dry
and Gain Dishwashing Liquid are attracting new consumers
to P&G brands.
Growth Opportunities
I have spent most of this Letter explaining the factors that
are driving and challenging P&G’s growth today. I want to
conclude by looking forward and reafﬁrming my strong
conﬁdence that we have the right strategy and supporting
capability to grow well into the future.
The growth opportunities created by our strategy are clearest
when you look at population and economic growth trends
and our geographic expansion plans.
It’s estimated that the world’s population will be
nearly eight billion people by 2020. All these
people — in developed and developing countries
alike — will have the same fundamental needs,
wants and aspirations for products and services
that make their lives better. There is tremendous
potential for P&G to grow by meeting those needs.
We are going after this potential by making our products
available in more categories, countries and channels,
expanding product lines to meet a fuller range of regimen
needs, and stimulating market growth.
We currently compete in a total of 38 product categories.
Today, on average, we compete in 19 categories in any given
country. In our most developed market, the United States,
we compete in 35 product categories. In Russia and Mexico,
we’re in the 20s. In China, Brazil and India, we’re in the
mid-to-high teens. In Nigeria, we’re in the mid-single-digits.
Our ﬁve-year plan will increase the average number of
categories from 19 to 24.
Within each of these categories and countries, there are
generally ﬁve distinct price tiers — ranging from the best
performing and highest priced products in the super premium
and premium tiers, down to products that offer basic
beneﬁts at a lower price in the value tier.
We are also making P&G brands available in more retail
channels. Today, we compete in less than 40% of possible
channel segments. Across the seven predominant channels,
the vast majority of our current business is in four of them.
We are executing plans now to increase our presence in
all channels.
We are ﬁlling out product lines to fulﬁll consumers’ regimen
needs. A good example is Pantene in Japan, where we have
recently redesigned our regimen and pricing strategy.
Japanese women are meticulous about caring for their hair.
Many use up to eight steps throughout the day. It starts
with a nighttime shampoo washing, then a conditioner and
in-shower treatment. Then she uses a jar treatment before
bed. In the morning, she uses water to get the frizz out and
applies a leave-in treatment. She carries a tube treatment in
her purse for midday application, and she applies another
treatment when she gets home in the evening. We were
previously serving her in only a few of these subcategories.
By launching a full line, addressing all points in her regimen,
we’ve increased our average sales per unit of Pantene by
nearly 15% and market share has continued to grow.
In addition to entering and creating new markets, we need
to grow our current markets, which we do by driving usage
frequency and trade-up to higher value items. Consider our
position in the diaper market in Egypt. Pampers currently
has roughly an 80% share of the disposable diaper market.
However, only about 10% of changes are done with disposable
diapers. The rest are done with cloth or nothing at all. In India,
Duracell has a share of over 75% of the alkaline battery
market — which sounds good, until you realize that only about
3% of batteries used are alkaline. Our growth in these markets
will not be dependent on growing share. It will be dependent
on growing markets.

--- Page 10 ---
Increasing market share by ﬁve points in each of these
three businesses is more than a $20 billion sales
opportunity.
Looked at a different way, we generate annual sales of
about $96 per person in the U.S. today. We generate
about $20 per person in Mexico. Our sales in China
are only about $4 per person. Indonesia is just over $1,
and India and Sub-Saharan Africa are just under $1.
Getting per capita spending on P&G products in these
four big markets up to the level of Mexico would add
more than $60 billion to annual sales.
Economic growth should help. A study released
in November 2010 by the Boston Consulting Group
projected that over the next decade China will add
270 million consumers to its middle-income and
afﬂuent class. This is roughly the same number as
there are in the U.S. today. The study went on to say
that 41% of the current middle-income and afﬂuent
class plans to trade up to more premium products —
especially in packaged goods and clothing.
In 2009, when we established our growth strategy, we
were serving four billion consumers. We established a
goal of increasing the number of consumers we serve
by 1 billion by 2014 / 15. Last year, we served 4.2 billion
consumers — and remain on track to serve 5 billion
by 2015.
Today, consumers purchase a P&G product
about 40 billion times a year. As a result
of the strategy and plans we are executing
currently, we expect to increase those
purchases to about 60 billion a year by the
midpoint of this decade.
8 The Procter & Gamble Company
We have seen ﬁrsthand how fast markets can develop
when we launch new innovation and build broad-based
consumer awareness of our products. For example,
the size of the Greater China diaper market was only
$200 million in the year 2000 — when Pampers was
just starting to gain a foothold. Today, the China diaper
market is $2.8 billion — an increase of 14 times in ten
years. This level of market growth happens when brands
like Pampers innovate in ways that genuinely improve
people’s everyday lives. We know, for example, that
when babies stay dry throughout the night, they sleep
better, which in turn helps them grow and develop.
We innovate based on insights like this and consumers
reward us because they value the improvements our
innovations bring to their lives. We want to bring this
kind of innovation to more consumers in more parts of
the world, and we have abundant opportunity to do
so. In China and India, the average consumer changes
a diaper less than once per day, in Brazil twice per day
and in the U.S. four times per day. Getting China and
India usage levels up to the levels of Brazil represents
not only a $2.5 billion opportunity for Pampers, but also
the chance to improve parents’ and babies’ lives in
very fundamental ways.
In India, the market size for wet shaving systems grew
by 15% in just one year following the launch of our
low-cost Mach3 razor. We’re working to accelerate that
growth with Gillette Guard.
Developed markets can also be stimulated to drive
higher growth as we demonstrated with the Febreze
“I Wish I Could Wash” advertising campaign in Japan,
which restored the growth of the brand in that country.
Clearly, we see huge opportunities for growth, and for
our consumers, behind our Purpose-inspired Growth
Strategy. We are expanding into more categories,
countries, and channels. We are meeting a broader
range of consumer needs. We are stimulating market
growth in developed and developing markets alike.
And our portfolio of businesses presents abundant
opportunity to grow. We have the largest Beauty and
Grooming business in the world, with a market share
of only 18%. We have the second largest consumer
health care business in the world and we have only a
6% share. In Household Care, our oldest and most
developed business, we have only a 27% share.

--- Page 11 ---
Leadership Brands
Brands that endure. Innovation for every day.
50 Leadership Brands Worldwide
P&G’s 50 Leadership Brands are some of the world’s most
well known household names.

--- Page 12 ---
24 Billion-Dollar Brands
24 of these 50 brands each generate more than one billion dollars
in annual sales.
