
--- Page 3 ---
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board,  
President and  
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders,
P&G is focused on winning with those who matter most: consumers, 
customers and shareholders. P&G’s performance in fiscal 2013 was a step in this 
direction. Our results were in line with objectives the Company set at the beginning  
of the fiscal year:
• Organic sales growth was 3%. 
• Core earnings per share increased 5%, despite the 
operating impact of the Venezuelan currency devaluation 
and significant strengthening of the dollar. 
• Our progress on working capital and capital spending 
productivity enabled us to deliver 98% adjusted free cash 
flow productivity. 
• We returned $12.5 billion in cash to shareholders —  
110% of net earnings — through a combination of 
$6.5 billion in dividends and $6 billion in share 
repurchase. In April, we raised the dividend by 7%. 
We’re beginning to restore growth in the core U.S. market that represents over a third 
We’re beginning to restore growth in the core U.S. market that represents over a third 
of P&G’s sales and nearly half of profit. We continued to focus on our core businesses. 
of P&G’s sales and nearly half of profit. We continued to focus on our core businesses. 
That’s why we organized P&G’s business into four, larger industry groups — beauty; 
That’s why we organized P&G’s businesses into four, larger industry groups — beauty; 
baby, feminine and family care; fabric and home care; and health care and personal 
baby, feminine and family care; fabric and home care; and health care and personal 
grooming — to ensure we create value by focusing on common consumer benefits, 
grooming — to ensure we create value by focusing on common consumer benefits, 
technologies, and competitors in each industry. We maintained good developing 
technologies, and competitors in each industry. We maintained good developing 
market momentum. Organic sales growth in our top 10 developing markets was up 8% 
market momentum. Organic sales growth in our top 10 developing markets was up 8% 
for the year, and profit grew well ahead of sales, even as we increased investments  
for the year, and profit grew well ahead of sales, even as we increased investments  
in growth. We ended the year with improving market share trends. 
in growth. We ended the year with improving market share trends. 

--- Page 4 ---
2  The Procter & Gamble Company
We are moving in the right direction. Company performance  
is improving in several key measures. We are building on  
this momentum. Business plans are more focused. The core 
strengths and assets of our Company remain important sources 
of competitive advantage and are the primary source of my 
confidence in P&G’s future. 
We are focusing on core businesses, which include the leading, 
most profitable categories and countries. Delivering strong results 
in our core businesses is the largest contributor to shareholder 
value creation. Core businesses are an important contributor to 
growth, and an enabler of investments in developing markets 
and innovation.
But there is more work to do. More business units have to 
perform better more consistently. We are making the changes 
necessary to improve performance significantly.
We’ve established value creation for consumers  
and shareholders as our clear priority.
P&G’s Priority Is Value Creation
First, we’ve established value creation — for consumers and 
shareholders — as our clear priority. This starts with winning the 
value equation with the consumer, who is always the boss.  
We have to win at the first moment of truth, when the consumer 
chooses our product at the store shelf, and the second moment 
of truth, when the consumer uses the product at home and 
decides whether to buy it again. We also have to win at the 
“zero moment of truth,” when the consumer discovers information 
about our brands and products before they shop. When P&G 
products win the consumer value equation versus competitors, 
consumers reward us — and our shareholders — with their hard-
earned money.
We’ll measure our business performance through operating  
total shareholder return. This goal is important because it’s an 
integrated measure of value creation at the business unit level. 
Strong operating TSR requires sales growth, progress on  
gross and operating margins, and strong cash flow productivity. 
Business units will be guided by disciplined strategies and 
operating plans that focus on the most important choices for 
creating value.
Sales  
Growth
Margin 
Improvement
Asset  
Efficiency
Profit  
Growth
Cash Flow  
Growth
Total  
Shareholder  
Return
P&G Is Driving Value Creation through 
Productivity and Innovation
Second, we are significantly strengthening productivity and cost 
savings efforts. Innovation and productivity are the two biggest 
drivers of value creation. Innovation remains our primary driver 
of growth, and we have a strong innovation pipeline, but we 
need to increase our focus on productivity. Productivity provides 
financial resources to invest in growth, and productivity frees 
P&G people to fully utilize their capabilities and make bigger 
contributions to the business. 
With nearly $500 million in sales in 
North America this fiscal year, Tide PODS  
is now expanding globally — starting  
with Latin America, Western  
and Central Europe, and Africa.
Crest and Oral-B 3D White toothpaste 
have grown value share in the U.S. for  
13 consecutive quarters — every quarter since 
3D White first launched — and are now sold 
in more than 40 markets globally.
Fusion ProGlide launched in the U.S.  
three years ago. It is now in more than 
45 markets, most recently expanding  
to Brazil, Mexico and China. Fusion  
has grown global value share for 
30 straight quarters — ever since the 
first Fusion product launched.

--- Page 5 ---
We’re making significant progress. By the end of fiscal 2013,  
we reduced non-manufacturing enrollment by 7,000 roles,  
which is 1,300 role reductions ahead of our initial target.  
We delivered over $1.2 billion in cost-of-goods-sold savings  
and we improved manufacturing productivity by 7%, both  
ahead of target. Still, we have significant opportunities to 
continue improving productivity in all facets of the business.
We will deliver the productivity improvements we promised  
on or ahead of schedule — but that is not an endpoint for 
productivity improvement at P&G. It’s a milestone. We know  
we can do more. We are making productivity systemic, 
not episodic.
We are significantly 
strengthening  
productivity and  
cost savings efforts. 
We’re already mobilized to address the next round of 
productivity initiatives, which we are working in parallel, not 
sequentially. They cover a full range of cost and cash 
opportunities. The projects are being led by business unit  
and function leaders. Some are yielding savings already and 
others will take a few years to fully implement.
The Procter & Gamble Company  3
We’re making  
strategic investments  
in innovation  
and go-to-market  
capabilities. 
In developing markets, we have opportunities to locate supply 
chains closer to the customers and consumers we serve.  
This will enable us to reduce costs and serve customers faster.  
In developed markets, we are studying options that would 
reduce the number of facilities, build scale across categories,  
and reduce costs and inventory — all while improving customer 
service. This will require investment, but should generate very 
attractive returns.
We’ll improve marketing return on investment, driven by a better 
mix of media, greater message clarity, and greater efficiency in 
non-advertising marketing spending. 
Productivity will become one of P&G’s core strengths — like brand 
building and innovation, for example — to deliver value creation 
and growth.
P&G Is Improving Execution
Our third focus area is to step-change operating discipline.  
We simply have to execute better, more consistently and more 
reliably than our competitors. We know this is necessary to  
win with consumers and customers day in and day out —  
which is a requirement for delivering leadership returns in our 
Pantene Expert Collection Age Defy 
Advanced Thickening Treatment 
launched in North America in January 2013 
at a premium price and is already the #1 
treatment in the Salon Inspired segment of 
the Hair Care category — and one of the 
top 10 products in the Pantene lineup.
Vidal Sassoon Pro Series launched in  
the U.S. in January 2013 — offering 
consumers “salon genius, brilliantly priced.”  
It is performing ahead of expectations  
in sales and share. 
Cover Girl Outlast Stay Brilliant  
Nail Gloss has 45 shades providing high-
gloss color that lasts as long as a week  
with no top coat. It was the biggest Nails 
launch in the U.S. industry this past year.
 

--- Page 6 ---
4  The Procter & Gamble Company
industry. Quality execution has long been a hallmark of  
P&G’s success. We are committed to return to the standards  
of excellence necessary to win.
We’re committed  
to do what it takes to  
get P&G back to  
balanced, consistent,  
reliable, and sustainable  
value creation. 
P&G Is Investing in Capabilities 
for Growth
Our final focus area is to make strategic, focused investments in 
innovation and go-to-market capabilities. These are two of our 
core strengths as a Company and two important sources of 
competitive advantage and growth. They are critical to winning 
the first and second moments of truth.
P&G Is Committed to Winning
We will build on the past year, but we’ll be more focused. We’ll 
commercialize brand and product innovations with excellence. 
We’ll implement productivity initiatives to significantly simplify how 
we work and realize savings. We’ll focus on best-in-class execution, 
and we’ll continue to invest selectively where needed to win.
I’m as confident as ever that P&G has what’s needed to win —  
with consumers, customers and shareholders. We have a strong 
brand portfolio: 25 billion-dollar brands and roughly 15 more 
between half-a-billion and a billion dollars in annual sales. 
We have a well-balanced geographic portfolio. We are the 
leading non-food consumer products business in the U.S. — the 
largest and fastest-growing developed market — and the leading 
household and personal care business in developing markets. 
Both present significant value creation opportunities. We have 
an innovation portfolio and pipeline that will only get stronger. 
We have a broad portfolio of productivity initiatives.
Most fundamentally, we have an exceptional organization.  
P&G people are passionate about consumers and P&G’s 
businesses. They bring tremendous experience and expertise  
to every part of our business. They are committed to win.  
They are our most important asset, the critical source of  
strength and competitive advantage for P&G.
We’ve taken a hard look at what we need to do and how we 
need to change to perform better. We’re committed to do  
what it takes to get P&G back to balanced, consistent, reliable, 
and sustainable value creation for consumers, customers, 
shareholders and employees. We are focused on the future.  
We are determined to win.
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
3x
cleaner
#1
Bounty DuraTowel, launched in 
North America in early 2013, is 3 times 
cleaner than a germy dish towel  
and is boldly asking consumers to  
“Ditch their dish towels!”
With consumer use of Downy Unstopables 
nearly twice as high as initially expected,  
it only made sense to expand this in-wash 
scent booster technology to the Gain  
brand with Gain Fireworks. Now these two  
make up nearly 70% of the category.
ZzzQuil, our first entry into  
the sleep aid category, has grown  
to nearly 20% value share and  
is the #1 branded product in unit  
and dollar sales in the U.S.  
sleep aid category.

--- Page 7 ---
P&G recently grouped its Global Business Units into four industry-based sectors as part of the  
Company’s ongoing plan to improve business performance. The businesses in each sector are focused  
on common consumer benefits, share common technologies, and face common competitors.
The Procter & Gamble Company  5
global beauty 
2013 NET SALES
GLOBAL BUSINESS UNITS
CATEGORIES
LEADERSHIP BRANDS
$20 billion*
Beauty Care 
Antiperspirant and 
Deodorant, Cosmetics, 
Personal Cleansing,  
Skin Care
Cover Girl, Max Factor, Olay, 
Old Spice, Safeguard, Secret
 *This reflects an estimate. Our historical financial 
data will be restated to reflect the new structure 
in fiscal year 2014.
Hair Care and Color
Hair Care, Hair Color
Prestige
Fragrances,  
Prestige Skin Care
Head & Shoulders, Herbal 
Essences, Nice ’n Easy, 
Pantene, Rejoice
Gucci, Hugo Boss, SK-II
Salon Professional
Salon Professional
Wella
 

--- Page 8 ---
6  The Procter & Gamble Company
global baby, feminine and family care
2013 NET SALES
GLOBAL BUSINESS UNITS
CATEGORIES
LEADERSHIP BRANDS
$22 billion*
Baby Care 
Family Care
 *This reflects an estimate. Our historical financial 
data will be restated to reflect the new structure 
in fiscal year 2014.
Feminine Care
Baby Wipes,  
Diapers, Pants
Luvs, Pampers
Paper Towels, Tissues, 
Toilet Paper
Bounty, Charmin, Puffs
Feminine Care, 
Incontinence
Always, Naturella, Tampax

--- Page 9 ---
The Procter & Gamble Company  7
global fabric and home care
2013 NET SALES
GLOBAL BUSINESS UNITS
CATEGORIES
LEADERSHIP BRANDS
$26 billion*
Fabric Care
Bleach and Laundry 
Additives, Fabric  
Enhancers, Laundry 
Detergents
Ace, Ariel, Bold, Bounce, 
Dash, Downy, Gain, Tide 
 *This reflects an estimate. Our historical financial 
data will be restated to reflect the new structure 
in fiscal year 2014.
Home Care
Air Care, Dish Care, 
Surface Care
Cascade, Dawn, Febreze,  
Mr. Clean, Swiffer
P&G Professional
P&G Professional
—
Personal Power
Batteries
Duracell
 

--- Page 10 ---
8  The Procter & Gamble Company
global health and grooming
2013 NET SALES
GLOBAL BUSINESS UNITS
CATEGORIES
LEADERSHIP BRANDS
$17 billion*
 *This reflects an estimate. Our historical financial 
data will be restated to reflect the new structure 
in fiscal year 2014.
Braun and Appliances
Beauty Electronics
Braun
Oral Care
Personal Health Care
Crest, Fixodent, Oral-B
Prilosec, Vicks
Toothbrush, Toothpaste, 
Other Oral Care
Gastrointestinal,  
Other Personal Health 
Care, Rapid Diagnostics, 
Respiratory, Vitamins /  
Minerals / Supplements
Pet Care
Shave Care
Pet Care
Eukanuba, Iams
Blades and Razors, Pre-  
and Post-Shave Products
Fusion, Gillette, Mach3, 
Prestobarba, Venus

--- Page 11 ---
P&G’s Market Development Organizations (MDOs) are focused on understanding consumers and 
retailers in each market. MDOs integrate the innovations flowing from the Global Business Units 
into business plans to grow our business in each country, using their expertise in sales, logistics 
The Procter & Gamble Company  9
and retail execution.
developed markets
Western Europe
North America
Japan
SALES % OF TOTAL P&G
VOLUME % OF TOTAL P&G
MARKET DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION (MDO)
61%
55%
North America
Western Europe
Japan
 

--- Page 12 ---
10  The Procter & Gamble Company
developing markets
Central & Eastern Europe
Latin America
Africa
Middle East
Asia
SALES % OF TOTAL P&G
VOLUME % OF TOTAL P&G
MARKET DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION (MDO)
39%
45%
Asia (excluding Japan)
Central & Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa
Latin America
