
--- Page 9 ---
7 
Message from the Chairman 
and the CEO 
Message from the Chairman 
and the CEO 
2019 was a pivotal year for our company. 
Not only did we achieve strong fnancial results, but we also took decisive steps to lay the groundwork for future 
growth and proftability as well as to ensure that our company has the scale, expertise and resources to effectively 
navigate through the dramatic transformation our industry is undergoing. 
We want to thank everyone in the FCA organization for their on-going contributions during such an important year. 
Their relentless hard work and professionalism is crucial to our continued success. 
Worldwide combined shipments totaled 4.4 million units and net revenues came in at €108.2 billion. 
We achieved Adjusted EBIT for the year of €6.7 billion, with a margin of 6.2 percent. 
Across our core business operations by region, North America posted record results for the 5th consecutive year, with 
Adjusted EBIT at €6.7 billion and margin at a new high of 9.1 percent. In the United States, the Ram brand reached a 
new sales record and, for the frst time, ranked as the number two brand in the large pickup truck segment. 
We also delivered another year of strong results in LATAM, with Adjusted EBIT up 40 percent to €501 million and 
margin increasing by 150 basis points to 5.9 percent. In Brazil, we regained overall market leadership and fnished the 
year in a leading position in key segments such as SUVs, pickups and light commercial vehicles. 
Results in APAC signifcantly improved, despite continued market challenges. Actions to improve vehicle mix and net 
pricing along with cost savings and restructuring actions signifcantly reduced our loss compared to prior year. 
In EMEA, performance was adversely affected by several factors, including continued commercial challenges and the 
age of our product portfolio in the region. Lower volumes and higher incentives, together with increased compliance 
and product costs, led to a decrease in Adjusted EBIT to near break-even. However, during 2019, we took actions to 
invest in EMEA and improve operating performance. We streamlined headcount and further reduced our cost-base 
in the region. We also continued our focus on moving away from low-margin sales channels. Finally, we announced 
signifcant investments in key new products, which will go a long way towards renewing our product portfolio and 
improving our competitiveness. 
Maserati results - with an Adjusted EBIT loss of €199 million - refected the impact of important actions we took to 
start to re-position the business. During the year, a completely new management team was installed, with key talent 
recruited both internally and externally. We signifcantly reduced dealer stock and committed to key investments to 
renew and expand Maserati’s product offering, with a regular cadence of new product launches, including a signifcant 
level of electrifed powertrains, through 2024. These actions give us a high level of confdence in the future trajectory of 
the Maserati brand. 
The above operating results led the company to achieve a full-year Adjusted net proft of €4.3 billion and net proft from 
continuing operations of €2.7 billion. These results also drove Industrial Free Cash Flows of €2.1 billion. 
On the basis of these strong results, the Board of Directors recommended the payment of an ordinary dividend of €1.1 
billion to our shareholders, as previously indicated. 
Delivering such strong results is important to support the substantial investments we are making in future products, 
technologies and facilities. 

--- Page 10 ---
8 
Message from the Chairman 
and the CEO 
During 2019 we committed to key projects that are fundamental to our future, and will further strengthen our business 
in the years ahead. 
In the United States, we are investing $4.5 billion to expand the capacity of our facilities in Michigan and build a 
new state-of-the-art plant in Detroit that will open later this year. It’s a commitment that will add 6,500 new jobs in 
Southeast Michigan. 
In Italy, we are executing an ambitious €5 billion plan, centered around electrifcation, with key new products and a 
new Battery Hub located inside our historic Mirafori complex in Turin, that will assemble batteries for our growing 
line-up of electric models. 
In Brazil, we have started a signifcant new investment cycle of R$16 billion (approx. €3.4 billion), which will see a 
renewed product line-up for the Fiat and Jeep brands and add a new state-of-the-art fex-fuel engine plant, which 
will become the largest powertrain hub in Latin America. 
For Maserati, we are executing a major product-led transformation plan including the launch of new white-space 
products as well as several full battery electric and hybridized models. 
Undoubtedly, 2019 was another historic year in the evolution of our company because of the agreement we reached 
with PSA for a 50/50 merger that will create the world’s third largest automaker by revenues and a new global OEM 
equipped to meet the mobility challenges that lie ahead. We expect to close the transaction with PSA by the end of 
this year or in early 2021. In the meantime, we will maintain our focus on the fawless delivery of our commitments. 
Among the other highlights of the year: 
We fnalized the sale of Magneti Marelli, which not only signifcantly strengthened our balance sheet, but also 
allowed the Group to distribute a €2.0 billion extraordinary dividend to our shareholders. 
We strengthened our network of partnerships to develop e-mobility solutions for electric vehicles by executing 
agreements with Enel X and Engie Group in Europe, for both home charging stations and public charging networks. 
With a focus on improving our effciency and speed to market, we streamlined our Global Product Development 
team by bringing together vehicle and powertrain engineering under a single, global organization. 
We entered into an agreement to sell our cast iron components business operated through Teksid; this is another 
important step in the implementation of our supplier business plan and will allow the business to be further 
developed by a leading player in the cast iron industry. 
We also strengthened our product offering with several key launches, including: 
The all-new Ram Heavy Duty, which was awarded Motor Trend’s 2020 Truck of the Year, on the back of the Ram 
Light Duty winning the previous edition of the award. 
The all-new Jeep Gladiator, which was named 2020 North American Truck of the Year and marked the brand’s 
return to the pickup truck market. 
The all-new Jeep Commander PHEV, the frst electrifed vehicle of the global Jeep family, which also represented our 
entry into China’s rapidly-growing New Energy Vehicle market. 
We remain committed to continue to develop our social and environmental responsibilities. 

--- Page 11 ---
9 
In 2019, we further reduced our environmental footprint on a per-vehicle-produced basis at our plants around the 
world: compared with 2010, we accomplished a nearly 40 percent reduction in water withdrawal, a 27 percent 
reduction in our carbon footprint and a 64 percent reduction in waste generated. 
We strive to enrich the vitality of the communities where we live and work by creating jobs, giving back through 
employee volunteering and providing fnancial support through our charitable initiatives. During 2019, Group 
employees around the world volunteered thousands of hours in support of a wide range of social projects. 
We also aim to offer our employees an inclusive work environment, where everyone feels respected and valued. We 
are proud that our efforts were recognized by organizations such as the Refnitiv Diversity & Inclusion Index in which 
FCA was among the global “Top 25 Most Diverse & Inclusive Companies” in the workplace. 
It was also an important year for initiatives with signifcant positive impact on society. 
2019 marked the 15th anniversary of our Árvore da Vida project in Brazil, which provides educational support for 
young people in Jardim Teresópolis, one of the most impoverished districts in the metropolitan area around the 
Group’s plant in Betim. The program aims to empower families through education and, to date, has helped more than 
20,000 people in the local area. 
As part of our sustainability focus, we also provided signifcant support through the FCA Foundation for an ambitious 
and innovative project supporting scientifc education and outreach to be launched by CERN in Geneva with the 
Science Gateway, which is expected to host more than 300,000 people every year. In such an occasion, the Aula 
Magna will be dedicated to our late CEO, Sergio Marchionne. Students from primary to high-school age, and their 
families, will be able to experience the world of physics and science through interaction and experimentation. 
In conclusion, 2019 saw the Group continue to build on its rich legacy, while at the same time laying the groundwork 
for further transformation and the beginning of another momentous chapter. 
We are committed to ensuring we remain a leading global car company and to building a sustainable business for the 
beneft of all our stakeholders. 
We will continue to be guided by the same values that defne our Group by linking growth and respect, economic 
success and social responsibility, industrial development and environmental awareness. 
We would like to recognize and thank all of our shareholders and stakeholders for your trust, support and 
engagement. 
February 25, 2020 
/s/ John Elkann 
John Elkann 
CHAIRMAN 
/s/ Mike Manley 
Mike Manley 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

--- Page 12 ---
10 

--- Page 13 ---
11 
Board Report 
Introduction 
Board Report 
Introduction 
About this Report 
This document, referred to hereafter as the “Annual Report and Form 20-F”, constitutes both the Statutory annual 
report in accordance with Dutch legal requirements and the annual report on Form 20-F, applicable to Foreign Private 
Issuers, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles 
N.V. for the year ended December 31, 2019, except as noted below. A table that cross-references the content of this
report to the Form 20-F requirements is set out in the FORM 20-F CROSS REFERENCE section included elsewhere in
this report.
The Annual Report and Form 20-F is fled with the Netherlands Authority for Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten, the “AFM”) and unless otherwise stated, all references in this document to “Annual Report” refer to the AFM 
fling. The following sections have been removed for our Annual Report fling with the AFM: 
FORM 20-F cover page; 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (EY S.p.A. in respect of Internal Control 
over Financial Reporting for the SEC filing); 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (EY S.p.A. in respect of the PCAOB audit 
of the financial statements for the SEC filing); and 
SIGNATURES. 
The Annual Report and Form 20-F and related exhibits are fled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(“SEC”) and unless otherwise stated, all references in this document to “Form 20-F” refer to the SEC fling. The 
following sections have been removed for our Form 20-F fling with the SEC: 
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CEO; 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE - Responsibilities in Respect to the Annual Report; 
NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION; 
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES - Statement by the Board of Directors; 
2020 GUIDANCE; 
FCA N.V. COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; and 
Independent auditor’s report (Ernst & Young Accountants LLP in respect of the AFM filing). 
Documents on Display 
The SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, information statements, and other information 
regarding issuers that fle electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC’s website is provided solely for information 
purposes and is not intended to be an active link. Reports and other information concerning our business may also be 
inspected at the offces of the New York Stock Exchange, 11 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005. 
We also make our periodic reports, as well as other information fled with or furnished to the SEC, available free of 
charge through our website, at www.fcagroup.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other 
information are electronically fled with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by 
reference in this report. 

--- Page 14 ---
12 
Board Report 
Introduction 
Certain Defned Terms 
In this report, unless otherwise specifed, the terms “we”, “our”, “us”, the “Group”, the “Company” and “FCA” refer 
to Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., together with its subsidiaries and its predecessor prior to the completion of the 
merger of Fiat S.p.A. with and into Fiat Investments N.V. on October 12, 2014 (the “2014 Merger”, at which time 
Fiat Investments N.V. was renamed Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., or “FCA NV”), or any one or more of them, as 
the context may require. References to “Fiat” refer solely to the Fiat brand and “Fiat S.p.A.” refer to Fiat S.p.A., the 
predecessor of FCA NV prior to the 2014 Merger. References to “FCA US” refer to FCA US LLC, formerly known as 
Chrysler Group LLC, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
Presentation of Financial and Other Data 
This report includes the consolidated fnancial statements of the Group as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 and for 
the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), as well as IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union. There is no effect on these consolidated fnancial statements resulting from differences 
between IFRS as issued by the IASB and IFRS as adopted by the European Union. We refer to the consolidated 
fnancial statements and the notes to the consolidated fnancial statements collectively as the “Consolidated Financial 
Statements”. 
All references in this report to “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency issued by the European Central Bank. The Group’s 
fnancial information is presented in Euro. All references to “U.S. Dollars”, “U.S. Dollar”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the 
currency of the United States of America (“U.S.”). 
The language of this report is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Certain totals in the tables included in this report may not add due to rounding. 
Except as otherwise disclosed within this report, no signifcant changes have occurred since the date of the audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
Market and Industry Information 
In this report, we include and refer to industry and market data, including market share, ranking and other data, 
derived from or based upon a variety of offcial, non-offcial and internal sources, such as internal surveys and 
management estimates, market research, publicly available information and industry publications. Market share, 
ranking and other data contained in this report may also be based on our good faith estimates, our own knowledge 
and experience and such other sources as may be available. Market share data may change and cannot always 
be verifed with complete certainty due to limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of 
the data-gathering process, different methods used by different sources to collect, assemble, analyze or compute 
market data, including different defnitions of vehicle segments and descriptions and other limitations and uncertainties 
inherent in any statistical survey of market shares or size. Industry publications and surveys and forecasts generally 
state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but there can be 
no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of included information. Although we believe that this information 
is reliable, we have not independently verifed the data from third-party sources. In addition, we typically estimate our 
market share for automobiles and commercial vehicles based on registration data. 
In markets where registration data are not available, we calculate our market share based on estimates relating to 
sales to fnal customers. Such data may differ from data relating to shipments to our dealers and distributors. While we 
believe our internal estimates with respect to our industry are reliable, our internal company surveys and management 
estimates have not been verifed by an independent expert, and we cannot guarantee that a third party using different 
methods to assemble, analyze or compute market data would obtain or generate the same result. The market share 
data presented in this report represents the best estimates available from the sources indicated as of the date hereof 
but, in particular as they relate to market share and our future expectations, involve risks and uncertainties and are 
subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in the section Risk Factors in this report. 
