
--- Page 2 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
Table of Contents
The Annual Report 2018 is intended to communicate to stakeholders Toyota’s long-term strategies for enhancing its cor-
porate value and the ways that it is contributing to the sustainable development of society. More detailed information on 
Toyota’s ESG-related initiatives is published in the Sustainability Data Book 2018.
(Published October 2018)
Table of Contents
1 Table of Contents
2 Message from the President
5 Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
5 Management Team
Toyota’s Reports and Publications
Annual Report 2018
Securities Reports/SEC Filings
Financial Results/Operating Results
Corporate Governance Reports
Sustainability Data Book 2018
Environmental Report 2018
—Toward Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050—
*  Toyota also publishes information on business and sustainability initiatives not included in the above reports and publications via its ofﬁ cial website. 
Investors  https://www.toyota-global.com/investors/
Sustainability  https://www.toyota-global.com/sustainability/
Period Covered: Fiscal 2018 (April 2017 to March 2018)  Some of the initiatives in ﬁ scal 2019 are also included
Scope of Report:  Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC)’s own initiatives and examples of those of its domestic and overseas 
consolidated afﬁ liates, and so on.
About the PDF
This ﬁ le is an interactive PDF and can be navigated by clicking on the following elements.
Main menu
Jump to the beginning of each of the report’s main sections
Sub-menu
Jump to speciﬁ c parts within each section
Icons
The 
More details  and  WEB
 icons found in each section link to 
related pages of the report and to relevant web pages and 
PDFs online, respectively. The 
 icon links to video content.
* Requires an Internet connection. 
1
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018
6
10
12
15
Using Connected Technologies to Expand the Freedom, Safety, 
and Excitement of a Smart Mobility Society
Strengthening Our Competitiveness to Deliver Ever-Better Mobility 
to Customers around the World
Eliminating CO2 Emissions from New Vehicles by 2050: 
Popularizing Electriﬁ ed Vehicles
Making Ever-better Cars: Continuing to Make Cars That Will Be 
Beloved
17 Developing Our People and Our Cars: GAZOO Racing
18 Steady Progress toward Automated Driving
21 Partner Robots
Toyota’s Business Innovation:
23
 Organizational Framework, the Toyota Group, External 
Collaboration, and TPS and Cost Reduction
24 Developing People: The True Source of Toyota’s Competitiveness
25 Message from the CFO
26 Capital Policy
27 Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
29 Corporate Philosophy
30 Corporate Governance
32 Messages from the Outside Directors
35 Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050 and 2030 Milestones
37 Employees
40 Risk Management
41 Compliance
42 Customer First and Quality First Measures
43 Respect for Human Rights and Supply Chain Management
Working to Better the World around Us
44
 The Toyota Mobility Foundation, Olympic and Paralympic 
Worldwide Partnerships, Social Contribution Activities
46 Corporate Data
46 At a Glance
47 History
48 Financial Summary
50 Non-Automotive Businesses
51 Corporate Information and Stock Information
 
 
 

--- Page 3 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
Message from the President
Surviving a Once-in-a-Century Period of Profound Transformation
Over the past century, an estimated 15 million horses in 
Electriﬁ cation, automation, connectivity, sharing—
the United States were replaced by the same number of 
technological innovation in these and other areas is 
cars. We may now be facing a paradigm shift of equal, if 
advancing rapidly. A contest with new rivals, under 
not greater, magnitude. Every day, I am reminded anew 
new rules of competition—not to win or lose, but to 
that the automotive industry has truly entered a once-in-
survive or perish—is now beginning. 
a-century period of profound transformation. 
Mobility for All
I am determined to transform Toyota from a car- 
Conversations like these have reafﬁ rmed my belief 
making company into a mobility company. This means 
that mobility for all—bringing the joy and freedom of 
that Toyota will provide all kinds of services related to 
movement to all people—is the goal that we must 
transportation to people around the world. 
work toward as an automotive company.
About two years ago, a Paralympian told me some-
As we move forward we must also always keep in 
thing that greatly inﬂ uenced how I think about mobility. 
mind the importance of creating mobility that will be 
She said, “Since I lost my future to a car accident, I 
beloved. People feel a unique attachment to their 
have hated cars. But today, hearing that Toyota will 
cars. As a company whose roots are in making cars, 
sponsor the Paralympic Games, I realized that cars 
Toyota will therefore remain committed to ensuring 
could also help rebuild my future.” On another occa-
that the mobility it offers will inspire love.
sion, Sir Philip Craven, a former President of the 
International Paralympic Committee and current inde-
pendent director of Toyota, told me, “Freedom of 
movement is key to enabling the physically challenged 
to more actively participate in society.”
Our Real-world Track Record and Virtual-world Potential
At the beginning of 2018, we presented the e-Palette 
Sport Concept in Tokyo. In character, these two mod-
Concept Vehicle in Las Vegas and the GR Super 
els are as different as they could be: the former is 
2
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018

--- Page 4 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
Message from the President
designed provide to mobility services, and the latter to 
Our decades-long production of such much-beloved, 
be “Fun to Drive.” Both, however, are examples of 
long-selling models as the Crown and Corolla is part 
next-generation mobility, featuring such cutting-edge 
of our real-world track record. Our consistent produc-
technologies as electriﬁ cation, automated driving, and 
tion of better cars at better prices for more customers 
connectivity. While these are still concept models, we 
to enjoy using the Toyota Production System is part of 
have begun equipping mass-market models, such as 
our real-world track record, too. I myself have sat 
the new Crown and Corolla Sport launched in Japan 
behind the wheel on roads around the world with fel-
in June, with connected technology. In doing so, we 
low car lovers and spent my life developing cars that 
are advancing the full-scale promotion of the spread 
are safe, reliable, and emotionally appealing—this, 
of connected cars. Spearheading these efforts are 
too, is part of our real-world track record. All of these 
Toyota companies leading the way in developing the 
achievements have been built through the application 
virtual world, including Toyota Connected and Toyota 
of a Genchi Genbutsu (onsite, hands-on experience) 
Research Institute, the latter of which specializes in 
approach and ongoing, real-world effort.
cutting-edge research into automated driving.
Whether we are considering future mobility or design-
real world and great potential in the virtual world will, 
ing current mass-market models, we always start by 
I think, be a strength going forward.
That Toyota boasts both such a track record in the 
paying close attention to our customers and their 
needs. Building the necessary customer rapport for 
We will continue to leverage the strengths we have 
this takes time and sustained effort. Here, our exten-
amassed in the real world while blazing the way for-
sive history of working with our customers gives us 
ward in the virtual world. In doing so, we aim to create 
a unique advantage. 
new sources of strength for the future. 
Uniting the Toyota Group to Take on the Future
Perhaps the greatest hindrance to reforms and inno-
based on past sales volumes and proﬁ ts and there-
vation at Toyota is its experience of past success. 
fore cannot guarantee future growth. I want to make 
sure that every model and every region is the absolute 
In the process of growing to be a full line-up car 
top priority of someone in the Toyota Group. To place 
maker with annual global sales of 10 million units, cer-
greater priority on the businesses and regions that will 
tain priorities inadvertently took hold within Toyota. For 
drive our future growth, we are reorganizing Toyota’s 
example, developed markets came to be prioritized 
businesses at the Group-wide level using a perspec-
over emerging markets and passenger vehicles over 
tive we call “home and away.” 
commercial vehicles. These priorities, however, are 
3
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018

--- Page 5 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
Message from the President
Rather than relying just on its own abilities, Toyota is 
The electronic components and the African market are 
bringing together the full strength of the Group. We are 
critical parts of the mobility society of the future. As 
identifying the strengths that make up each company’s 
such, we decided to consolidate operations in these 
“home” turf to increase productivity and reinforce the 
areas at group companies that consider them home 
competitive strength of the Group as a whole.
turf, thereby raising their priority within the Group. In 
this urgent time, there is no room for intra-Group com-
In June, we announced the consolidation within 
petition; the future of the Toyota Group depends on 
DENSO of the Group’s core electronic component 
enhancing its competitiveness as a united whole.
operations as well as an agreement to transfer all 
sales and marketing operations in Africa to Toyota 
Tsusho. Both these moves embody our “home and 
away” approach.
Creating the Mobility Society of the Future
At the same time, I do not imagine that we can do 
 frameworks, rally like-minded partners, and leverage our 
everything purely within the Toyota Group alone. 
respective strengths as we continually take on the future. 
Having operated this long in the auto industry, working 
with vast networks of companies, we deeply under-
I intend to personally lead the charge, ﬁ ghting along-
stand the importance of collaboration. More than ever, 
side all Toyota Group employees every day to survive 
we will need the help of a wide range of partners as 
and thrive in this once-in-a-century period of profound 
we transform Toyota into a mobility company. 
transformation. I ask for your continued conﬁ dence 
and support as we move forward.
An acquaintance of mine shared with me some 
insights on the kinds of thinking and action that the 
October 2018
coming era will require. As this person saw it, the key 
to action will not be adherence to precedent, but rath-
er speed and disregard for precedent; the leadership 
needed will not be consensus building, but the ability 
to rally people behind a cause. 
We are serious about creating the mobility society of 
President, Member of the Board of Directors
the  future. Accordingly, we must look beyond existing 
Toyota Motor Corporation
Akio Toyoda
4
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018

--- Page 6 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
  Toward the Mobility Society of the Future  Management Team  Connectivity  Marketing  Electriﬁ cation  Ever-better Cars  GAZOO Racing  Automated Driving  Partner Robots  Business Innovation  Developing People  Message from the CFO  Capital Policy
Management Team
Executive Vice President
Koji Kobayashi
TPS and cost-reduction are 
Toyota’s backbone. I will 
pursue them on all fronts.
Executive Vice President
Didier Leroy
I want to bring Energy, Passion, 
and Fighting spirit to achieve true 
competitiveness. 
Executive Vice President
Shigeki Terashi
It is time to unite globally as one 
Toyota to realize freedom of 
movement for all.
Executive Vice President
Mitsuru Kawai
Only by applying human 
wisdom and skill can we 
realize the evolution of 
machines—that’s why I would 
like to nurture our people.
President
Akio Toyoda
Executive Vice President
Moritaka Yoshida
I want to continue making 
beloved cars that are as 
exciting to watch as they 
are to ride in. 
Fellow
Gill A. Pratt 
My personal mission is 
to help Toyota gain 
 agility while maintaining 
its strength to improve 
quality of life for all 
mankind.
Executive Vice President
Shigeki Tomoyama
The key to realizing mobility 
services is connected technology. 
I hope that cars will continue to 
amaze and inspire for the next 
100 years.
5
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018

--- Page 7 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
  Toward the Mobility Society of the Future  Management Team  Connectivity  Marketing  Electriﬁ cation  Ever-better Cars  GAZOO Racing  Automated Driving  Partner Robots  Business Innovation  Developing People  Message from the CFO  Capital Policy
Using Connected Technologies to Expand the Freedom, Safety, and Excitement of a Smart Mobility Society
As cars rapidly developed and became commonplace 
in the 20th century, reducing fossil fuel consumption, 
cutting CO2 emissions to prevent global warming, and 
preventing air pollution gradually became the major 
social issues demanding global solutions that they are 
today. In response, many counties and regions have 
made plans to shift to electriﬁ ed vehicles, and auto-
makers are accelerating the development of such 
vehicles. Indeed, the electriﬁ cation of cars is an 
essential part of solving these challenges. 
  At the same time, new social issues are also 
emerging, such as increased trafﬁ c congestion due 
to rising population density in urban centers, shrink-
ing working populations and increased numbers of 
mobility-challenged individuals in developed coun-
tries due to demographic graying, and deepening 
logistics crises due to changes in consumer behavior.
In the midst of these social changes, the auto 
industry is entering a once-in-a-century period of 
profound transformation. Toyota provides freedom of 
movement—a form of social infrastructure. As such, 
we are ﬁ rmly determined to contribute to solving 
social issues by changing the very ways that people, 
things, and information ﬂ ow through the world. 
Based on this commitment, Toyota aims to connect 
cars, people, and communities and thereby create 
a smart mobility society that offers freedom of move-
ment, safety, and excitement for all.
Shigeki Tomoyama
Executive Vice President
6
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018
 

--- Page 8 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
  Toward the Mobility Society of the Future  Management Team  Connectivity  Marketing  Electriﬁ cation  Ever-better Cars  GAZOO Racing  Automated Driving  Partner Robots  Business Innovation  Developing People  Message from the CFO  Capital Policy
Using Connected Technologies to Expand the Freedom, Safety, and Excitement of a Smart Mobility Society
Our Connected Strategy for Realizing 
Connected Platforms
Connecting cars is not only providing new value and 
services to customers, but creating new modes of 
use and new roles in society for cars. 
  To stay at the forefront of this evolution, Toyota 
established the in-house Connected Company in 
April 2016 and announced its Connected Strategy in 
November of the same year. This strategy comprises 
three arrows that we are releasing simultaneously. 
Toyota’s Connected Strategy
1st Arrow
Connect 
All Cars
2nd Arrow
Creation of 
New Value 
and Business 
Revolution
3rd Arrow
Creation of 
New Mobility 
Services 
“Connect” all cars and 
Promote the use of big 
Collaborate with vari-
complete the connected 
data and contribute to 
ous industries and IT 
platform
the good of customers 
companies to produce 
and society while revo-
new mobility services
lutionizing Toyota’s own 
businesses
The Start of the Full-Scale Connected 
Car Rollout
Key to the ﬁ rst arrow, connecting all cars, are our 
data communication modules (DCMs). In 2002, 
Toyota commercialized its DCMs and launched the 
G-BOOK service for Toyota vehicles (this service was 
replaced by T-Connect in 2014). In 2005, DCMs 
were made a standard feature in Lexus cars, and 
Toyota launched the G-Link service in Japan before 
expanding it to North America and China. As the ﬁ rst 
step toward connecting all vehicles, in June 2018, 
Toyota launched sales in Japan of the new Crown 
and Corolla Sport with DCMs as standard features 
for all grades. This marked the start of our full-scale 
roll out of connected cars. 
  Toyota plans to adopt common standards for its 
worldwide DCMs by 2019, equip virtually all passen-
ger vehicles it sells in Japan and the United States 
with DCMs by 2020, and steadily equip more vehi-
cles with DCMs in other major markets around the 
world going forward. 
Connected Technologies: Creating 
Services That Offer Safety and Peace of 
Mind to Customers and Society
Turning to the second arrow, as the number of con-
nected cars on the road increases, so does the big 
data they generate. Toyota is using this data to con-
tribute to the good of customers and society while 
revolutionizing its own businesses. 
  Aggregate route history maps were made publicly 
available after the Great East Japan Earthquake, and 
such data has subsequently been used in evacua-
tion, response, and recovery operations following 
several natural disasters. 
  Furthermore, by analyzing the diverse information 
collected from cars on the road using big data 
approaches, we will be able to utilize that information 
to create and enhance services that provide safety 
and peace of mind.
  Making DCMs standard features also makes our 
online services more convenient and easier to use for 
our customers. The voice recognition enabled artiﬁ -
cial intelligence (AI) virtual agent can understand pas-
sengers’ natural speech to set the destination for the 
navigation system and perform other tasks. Of 
course, we also have operators standing by 24 hours 
a day, 365 days a year, to provide more in-depth 
response to customer requests. By offering virtual 
(AI) and real-world (operators) service, Toyota seeks 
to provide what it calls “Human Connected Service.”
Route History Maps to the Rescue after 
Natural Disasters
Toyota’s route history maps use aggregate data on where cars 
have actually been collected from Toyota vehicles equipped with 
DCMs to provide trafﬁ c information in a map format. The data is 
constantly updated, and has been used to inform response dur-
ing and efforts after natural disasters. 
Services for Connected Cars
Voice Recognition-enabled AI Virtual Agent
Our voice-recognition service has evolved into an AI virtual agent. Merely by talking to the agent, users can set the desti-
nation for the navigation system, even while the car is moving. 
Just press talk on the steering wheel and speak
The virtual agent analyzes your words and responds
Customer
Is there a soba restaurant in 
Nagano with a parking lot? 
Navigation
One such destination found. 
Should I set it as your destination? 
Agent
What’s the weather like 
at my destination?
What’s radar cruise control? 
It’s sunny.
Weather
Using vehicle features
A system for cruising at a preset speed 
that automatically maintains 
a safe distance from other vehicles. 
e-Care (Driving Guidance)
•  Indicator lights turn on when an abnormality occurs ((cid:2)). Vehicle data is then analyzed ((cid:3),(cid:4)) and sent to an operator and 
the customer’s dealer ((cid:5)).
•  Using the navigation panel ((cid:6)), customers connect to the e-Care call center ((cid:7)), and an operator provides appropriate 
driving guidance. 
•  Operators hand over customer response to the customer’s dealer ((cid:8)), which guides the customer through any necessary 
vehicle servicing ((cid:9)).
(cid:6)  Operator call 
screen
(cid:7) Call and support
Toyota Smart Center
(cid:2) Indicator light
Car
(cid:3) Diagnostic data
Big data
(cid:5) Data
(cid:129) Vehicle data analysis
(cid:129)  Determine likely cause 
(cid:4)
of abnormality
(cid:129) Vehicle operability decision
(cid:129) Advice generation
(cid:9) Support and guidance
Operator
(cid:8) Customer response handover
Dealer
7
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018

--- Page 9 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
  Toward the Mobility Society of the Future  Management Team  Connectivity  Marketing  Electriﬁ cation  Ever-better Cars  GAZOO Racing  Automated Driving  Partner Robots  Business Innovation  Developing People  Message from the CFO  Capital Policy
Using Connected Technologies to Expand the Freedom, Safety, and Excitement of a Smart Mobility Society
Accelerating Cross-industry 
Collaboration as a Mobility Service 
Platform Provider
Under the third arrow, we are accelerating cross-
industry collaboration through the Mobility Service 
Platform (MSPF). Using the MSPF, Toyota is taking 
an open approach, linking with all kinds of service 
providers to contribute to the creation of new mobili-
ty services.
  We have already begun a range of collaborative ini-
tiatives. In May 2016, Toyota and Uber Technologies 
Inc. began to consider a partnership in ride-sharing. 
In 2017, we conducted a pilot program for our Smart 
Key Box with U.S. car-sharing company Getaround, 
Inc.; began a partnership with Grab Holdings Inc., 
the leading ride-hailing service company in Southeast 
Asia; and began veriﬁ cation testing of connected 
taxis with the Tokyo Taxi-Hire Association. In 2018, 
we are working to deepen these and other initiatives 
in order to create new mobility services and acceler-
ate their commercialization.
Efforts to Deepen Collaborations in 2018
Expanded Partnership with Grab in the Area Mobility as a Service 
In June 2018, Toyota concluded an agreement with Grab to 
strengthen our existing partnership in the area of Mobility as a 
Service (MaaS) in Southeast Asia and announced our decision 
to invest US$1 billion (approximately ¥110 billion) in Grab. 
  This expansion is aimed at expanding connected services 
across Southeast Asia. Speciﬁ cally, we aim to achieve con-
nectivity for Grab’s rental car ﬂ eet across the region and to 
utilize vehicle data collected by the MSPF to roll out driving-
data-based automotive insurance as well as ﬁ nancial servic-
es for Grab drivers and maintenance services currently 
under development.
Service
charge
Service
Finance
Car 
insurance
Mobility Service
Platform (MSPF)
Telematics 
insurance
Toyota 
Big Data 
Center (TBDC)
Vehicle data/
Driving 
behavior 
data
Vehicle 
management 
system
Dealer 
Maintenance
TOYOTA
device
TOYOTA
device
TOYOTA
device
Maintenance
for ride sharing
Pilot Testing of AI-based Taxi Dispatch Support System
Aiming to Accelerate Service Development for Taxi Industry Transformation
Vehicle 
dispatch 
service 
platform
Vehicle 
dispatch 
data
Driver
User
Toyota, JapanTaxi Co., Ltd., KDDI Corporation, and 
Accenture Japan Ltd have partnered to develop a taxi dis-
patch support system that releases demand projections for 
taxi services based on a combination of data from taxi ser-
vice logs, demographic data, event information and other 
inputs. Pilot testing of the system has now begun in Tokyo.
  Going forward, the companies plan to steadily install 
Toyota’s TransLog data-transmitting driving recorder in more 
taxis, analyzing visual driving data from these devices to ﬁ nd 
factors that correlate with taxi demand and then working 
with the taxi dispatch support system to apply the results of 
this research.
Taxi
service
log
Demographic
prediction
Mobility Service Platform
Use AI to
predict
taxi
demand 
Big Data
Weather
Public
transport
service
availability
Event
TransLog
driving
image
Taxi
dispatch
App
Number of 
unoccupied 
taxis
Recommended 
routes to find 
passengers
Taxi Company/
Driver
receive
on tablet
8
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018

--- Page 10 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
  Toward the Mobility Society of the Future  Management Team  Connectivity  Marketing  Electriﬁ cation  Ever-better Cars  GAZOO Racing  Automated Driving  Partner Robots  Business Innovation  Developing People  Message from the CFO  Capital Policy
Using Connected Technologies to Expand the Freedom, Safety, and Excitement of a Smart Mobility Society
mobility society that offers freedom of movement, 
safety, and excitement for all. 
More details
Guardian system, p. 18
Collaboration with Uber
We are jointly developing dedicated automated MaaS vehicles for introduction in Uber’s ridesharing service network from 2021.
UTI/ATG
Ridesharing platform 
and autonomous 
driving technology
Software updates
Data/dispatch
Uber 
autonomous 
driving system
Toyota 
Guardian 
System
Vehicle control interface
Vehicle control system
TMC/TRI/TRI-AD
Vehicle and automated 
driving technology
Software updates
Data
MSPF
Collect and 
analyze data
NEXT
*  Guardian is a system designed to monitor, assist, and help safeguard a human driver or an autonomous driving system through the vehicle control interface.
Business image of a joint venture company with Softbank
Expanding Mobility Services in 
the Near Future
Toyota is analyzing and processing the big data generat-
ed by cars to create information that is useful for cus-
tomers and a variety of connected services. We want 
the car to be a seamless extension of customers’ 
phones and computers, a kind of personal assistant on 
wheels that is able to anticipate their needs using AI.
  Based on this concept, we created the e-Palette 
Concept Vehicle. Using connected and automated driv-
ing technologies, the e-Palette will serve as a common 
mobility platform that meets the needs of a wide range 
of service providers and business applications, including 
car-sharing, ride-sharing, parcel delivery, and retail. 
In other words, a single e-Palette Concept Vehicle 
could, depending on the time or other conditions, be 
used for a range of purposes by different operators. 
This is the vision of mobility service that the e-Palette 
makes possible. 
  Furthermore, vehicle information constantly gath-
ered through the MSPF will help optimize maintenance 
as well as the collection of data that can be used to 
anticipate demand for goods and services. Based on 
such capabilities, we are aiming to achieve the ulti-
mate in just-in-time service, in which, when a custom-
er summons an e-Palette Concept Vehicle, not only 
does it set out immediately, but it is already nearby. 
The technologies and expertise created in the 
AI-based dispatch system being tested in collabora-
tion with JapanTaxi, KDDI, and Accenture are being 
applied to enhance such demand prediction functions.
Creating Automated Driving 
Mobility Services 
In August 2018, Toyota and Uber announced an 
agreement to expand their collaboration with the prin-
cipal aim of advancing the development of and bring-
ing to market ride-sharing services leveraging 
automated driving technologies. To this end, Toyota’s 
Sienna Minivan will be modiﬁ ed to create the initial 
ﬂ eet of dedicated “Autono-MaaS” (autonomous 
mobility as a service) vehicles. These Autono-MaaS 
vehicles will be constantly connected to the MSPF 
and equipped with both Uber’s autonomous driving 
system and the Toyota Guardian automated safety 
support system. By using both systems together, we 
aim to better monitor vehicle surroundings in real time 
to realize even safer, more reliable automated driving 
mobility services. Deployments of these vehicles on 
the Uber ride-sharing network will begin in 2021. 
In October 2018, Toyota and SoftBank Corp. 
agreed to form a strategic partnership to facilitate the 
creation of new mobility services. The two companies 
plan to establish a joint venture company, MONET 
Technologies Corporation, before the end of ﬁ scal 
2019. MONET will provide coordination between 
Toyota’s MSPF and SoftBank’s IoT Platform. By utiliz-
ing a wide range of data related to the movement of 
people and vehicles, MONET will seek to optimally 
balance supply and demand in transportation and 
launch new MaaS businesses capable of resolving 
mobility-related social issues and creating new value. 
Through MONET, we plan to roll out Autono-MaaS 
businesses based on e-Palette by the mid-2020s. 
  Toyota is accelerating initiatives as a mobility ser-
vice platform provider, aiming to create a smart 
9
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018
 
 

--- Page 11 ---
Table of Contents
Message from the President
Toward the Mobility Society of the Future
Initiatives for Sustainable Growth
Corporate Data
  Toward the Mobility Society of the Future  Management Team  Connectivity  Marketing  Electriﬁ cation  Ever-better Cars  GAZOO Racing  Automated Driving  Partner Robots  Business Innovation  Developing People  Message from the CFO  Capital Policy
Strengthening Our Competitiveness to Deliver Ever-Better Mobility to Customers around the World
Toyota believes that the true value of mobility is the 
freedom it enables. No matter how times change, 
Toyota’s love of cars will never fade. At the same 
time, our passion for mobility is not limited to cars. 
Technologies for making transport easier, more 
 convenient, and more enjoyable for people around 
the world are evolving, and the value that Toyota 
 provides is expanding on numerous fronts. This is 
why Toyota announced its intention to transform into 
a mobility company. 
  As Toyota works to reinforce its efforts related to 
a wide range of mobility services, its approach of 
seeking to be the “best in town” will be essential. 
When creating new services, the business environ-
ment, particular challenges, and distributors in each 
region vary greatly. Toyota must provide cars and 
mobility services that are closely tailored to customer 
lifestyles and regional characteristics and make itself 
an indispensable presence in local communities. 
Seeking to be the best in town is an approach that 
reinforces competitiveness and thereby leads to 
 sustained growth. 
In this way, Toyota’s vision is extremely clear. 
  To achieve this vision with emphasis on speed and 
openness, Toyota is working to reform businesses 
throughout the Group—and sometimes extending 
beyond the Group—based on a “home and away” 
perspective. “Home” refers to operations and regions 
in which we can add value ourselves through Genchi 
Genbutsu (onsite, hands-on experience) and in which 
we have competitive advantages over our rivals. 
  “Away,” meanwhile, refers to operations and 
regions in which we will work with other companies 
that have more advantages than we do in terms of 
expertise. By reexamining our businesses and effec-
tively allocating management resources to “home” 
and “away” companies, we can increase productivity 
and make the entire Toyota Group more competitive. 
And, above all, Toyota believes that applying Genchi 
Genbutsu in their work at more specialized compa-
nies will help our human resources grow and develop.
  Furthermore, under the “home and away” 
approach, we will transcend the borders of the 
Group’s operations. By developing working relation-
ships with other companies which have same aspira-
tions with us, we can make an enormous impact in 
this time of immense change. 
If it’s not fun, it’s not a car. As the value consumers 
seek in cars diversiﬁ es, Toyota will continue to listen 
carefully to its customers, reinforce its competitive-
ness, and deliver ever-better mobility to even more 
customers.
Shifting to a Region-based Approach 
in Japan, Toyota’s Home Market
Conditions in Japan’s automotive market are expect-
ed to become more difﬁ cult than ever. The market is 
contracting as a result of such social issues as the 
declining and graying population, urbanization, and 
rural depopulation. At the same time, the market is 
changing, with increased use of IT, AI, automated 
driving, and other technological innovations, as well 
as the emergence of new rivals. 
  To adapt to future market changes, Toyota launched 
in 2016 the J-ReBORN Plan under which it has been 
working to transform the domestic car sales business.
  Until now, Toyota’s growth in the Japanese market 
has been based on sales efforts that were focused 
on channels and uniformly implemented nationwide.  
  Going forward, however, we will need to look more 
closely at Japan’s individual regions. We must 
 understand the desires of and problems faced by the 
 people living in each region and work to solve those 
problems in collaboration with not just our dealers 
and members of the Toyota Group, but also regional 
governments and local companies. As such, in 
January 2018, we reorganized the Japan Sales 
Business Group. Also, we changed our domestic 
sales policies, moving from a uniform approach 
throughout the country to a focus on individual 
regions, and are speedily carrying out said policies.
  Furthermore, to strengthen our competitiveness 
and to create and provide new mobility services, in 
addition to ongoing business reinforcement efforts, 
we established Toyota Mobility Service Co., Ltd. in 
April 2018. This new subsidiary will develop and 
 provide solution services for corporate customers, 
connected services using communications devices 
in cars, car sharing, and other new services. 
  Tokyo, in particular, is the earliest adopter of mobil-
ity service, seeing a shift from car ownership to car 
usage. Targeting the Tokyo region, we plan to inte-
grate Tokyo Toyota Motor Co., Ltd., Tokyo Toyopet 
Motor Sales Co., Ltd., Toyota Tokyo Corolla Co., 
Ltd., and Netz Toyota Tokyo Co., Ltd., to form a new 
company in 2019. By efﬁ ciently developing its dealer 
network and by concentrating its resources, Toyota 
will continue working to be the best in town.
Changes in Japan’s Market Environment
(cid:129)    Declining, graying population
(cid:129)    Urbanization, rural  depopulation
 Further market contraction
Changes in the Automotive Business
(cid:129)  Increased use of IT, AI, automated driving, and other technological 
innovations
(cid:129)    Emergence of new rivals
(cid:129)    Expansion of car sharing (non-ownership)
The speed of market change is an order of magnitude greater than ever before
J-ReBORN Plan
With an urgency unmatched since our founding, we are pushing forward ambitiously alongside 
dealers to truly thrive in this period of immense change, for the sake of our future customers’ 
peace of mind and for the sake of our sustainable future
10
TOYOTA Annual Report 2018
Didier Leroy
Executive Vice President, 
Member of the Board of Directors
 
 
