
--- Page 2 ---
The Integrated Report 2021 is intended to communicate to stakeholders Toyota’s policies 
and strategies for addressing management issues to achieve its vision for the future. More 
detailed information is available from the Toyota Times website as well as Toyota’s other 
reports and websites. 
(Published January 2022)
Toyota’s Reports and Publications
Contents
2   Message from the President
Integrated Report
Toyota Times website 
Securities Reports/SEC Filings
Sustainability Data Book
Financial Results/Operating Results
Corporate Governance Report
IR section of Toyota’s website 
Financial
Period Covered
Sustainability section of 
Toyota’s website 
Non-financial 
Fiscal 2021 (April 2020 to March 2021). Some initiatives in fiscal 2022 (April to December 
2021) are also included.
Scope of Report
Initiatives and activities of Toyota Motor Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, etc., 
in Japan and overseas
Reference Guidelines
This report was prepared with reference to the International Integrated Reporting 
Framework issued by the Value Reporting Foundation (VRF).
5   The Source of Our Value Creation: What Makes Us Toyota
  5  Our Founding Spirit
  6   The Toyoda Principles and  
Toyota Philosophy
  7  Toyota Production System (TPS)
8    Value Creation Story: Working toward the Mobility Society of  
the Future 
  8  Making Ever-better Cars
12  Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality 
25   Software and Connected Initiatives
28   Commercial Sector Initiatives 
29  Woven City
30 Business Foundations for Value Creation
30   Messages from the Outside Directors
31   Corporate Governance
34   Capital Strategy
35   The Environment
37   Safety
38   Quality, Information Security,  
and Privacy
39   Human Rights and Supply Chains
40   Diversity and Inclusion
42   Employees, Safety and Health,  
and Social Contribution Activities
43   Risk Management and Compliance
About the PDF
This file is an interactive PDF and can be navigated by clicking on the following elements.
44 Corporate Data
Main menu
Jump to the beginning of each of the 
report’s main sections
Sub-menu
Jump to specific parts within each section
Icons
icons that link to 
Each section contains 
related pages of the report, as well as 
and 
web pages online.
* Requires an internet connection.
icons that link to relevant 
Message from the President
The Source of  
Our Value Creation:  
What Makes Us Toyota
Value Creation Story:  
Working toward the Mobility 
Society of the Future
Business Foundations  
for Value Creation
Corporate Data
 Making Ever-better Cars 
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality 
 Software and Connected Initiatives 
 Commercial Sector Initiatives 
 Woven City
Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality: Battery EV Strategies
Toyota Reveals Full Lineup 
of Battery EVs: Toyota’s 
Briefing on BEV Strategies
Toyota Strengthens BEV Lineup 
to Keep Offering Options for 
Everyone (Full Text of President 
Toyoda’s Presentation)
On December 14, 2021, Toyota held a briefing on its 
We are living in a diversified world and in an era in 
enabled us to pursue smoothness and maneuverability 
The important thing is determining to what degree we 
battery electric vehicle (BEV) strategy.
which it is hard to predict the future. Therefore, it is 
as well as the drivability of a genuine SUV.
can increase a vehicle’s overall energy efficiency, in 
Toyota announced at the briefing that it is boosting its 
all option. That is why Toyota wants to prepare as 
plans for BEV sales in 2030 from 2 million to 3.5 million 
many options as possible for our customers around 
difficult to make everyone happy with a one-size-fits-
units and that Lexus is aiming for BEVs to account for 
the world.
100 percent of its sales in Europe, North America, and 
China by the same year, followed by BEVs accounting 
We believe that all electrified vehicles can be divided 
for 100 percent of its sales globally starting in 2035.
into two categories, depending on the energy that 
(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/
N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)
other words how much less energy a vehicle needs 
to run. This is exactly the technology that Toyota has 
been refining for more than 30 years.
Putting our best efforts into addressing all aspects of 
this question, with this vehicle, we are aiming for 
a power efficiency of 125 watt-hours per kilometer, 
they use.
For its launch next year, we are preparing for the 
which would be the highest efficiency rate in the 
The ambitious figures and the array of planned-for-
production of the bZ4X at Toyota’s Motomachi Plant 
compact SUV class.
launch BEVs on the stage at the briefing led some 
One category is that of “carbon-reducing vehicles.” If 
right this very moment. We will soon begin delivering 
observers to suggest that Toyota, which had been 
the energy that powers vehicles is not clean, the use 
it to our customers.
viewed by some as not having a positive position on 
of an electrified vehicle, no matter what type it might 
BEVs, had changed its policy and shifted to focusing on 
be, would not result in zero CO2 emissions.
Furthermore, we are expanding the bZ series lineup.
BEVs. However, in his presentation, President Akio 
The next model is a midsize sedan that meets 
customers’ expectations for a first car.
(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/
N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)
Toyoda stressed the importance of having diverse 
The other category is that of “carbon-neutral vehi-
This midsize SUV has a beautiful silhouette that 
options. He also shared his sentiments regarding the 
cles.” Vehicles in this category run on clean energy 
presages a new era for battery EVs. With just a single 
people of the automotive industry.
and achieve zero CO2 emissions in the whole 
glance, its styling invites you to get in and go for a drive.
  Toyota’s part for carbon neutrality
to realize such vehicles.
process of their use. We at Toyota will do our utmost 
(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/
N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)
As the opening video ended and the venue lit up, the 
audience could see Akio and five new different types of 
vehicles filling the stage. After presenting the vehicles 
with arms outstretched, Akio began to speak.
Akio
Thank you very much for taking time out of your busy 
schedule to join us today. Today, I would like to talk 
  Five Toyota bZs revealed
Akio
Today, we would like to present to you what we have 
been preparing for the future. Let’s start with the 
Toyota bZ series of our dedicated battery EVs.
about Toyota’s strategy for achieving carbon neutrality—
The Toyota bZ means going “beyond Zero.”
particularly our strategy for battery electric vehicles, 
which represent one of the most promising options.
I believe that achieving carbon neutrality means 
realizing a world in which all people living on this 
planet continue to live happily. We want to help realize 
such a world. This has been and will continue to be 
Freedom of movement and fun to drive for all. Our 
goal is not only to reduce CO2 emissions and other 
negative impacts to zero. Our goal goes beyond that.
For the bZ series, we developed a dedicated platform 
for battery EVs to meet the diverse needs of the 
global market.
And, this is the most compact SUV in the series—a 
small battery EV with a comfortable interior designed 
with Europe and Japan in mind.
(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/
N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)
We also have a large SUV with an optional third row 
of seats that facilitates families experiencing fulfilling 
times together.
(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/
N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)
What do you think? We will not only add battery EV 
options to existing vehicle models but will also offer 
a full lineup of reasonably priced mass-production 
models, such as the bZ series, to meet the needs of 
all kinds of customers.
Toyota’s wish and our mission as a global company.
Akio walked up to the bZ series behind him and began 
The more batteries you add to extend cruising range, 
For that challenge, we need to reduce CO2 emissions 
as much as possible, as soon as possible.
1 3
TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT
to explain the highlights of each vehicle one by one.
Akio
The first model in the lineup is the bZ4X, which we 
recently announced. Jointly developing it with Subaru 
the bigger, heavier, and more expensive a vehicle 
By doing so, we hope to deliver to customers around 
becomes. Because this SUV is a small vehicle, there 
the world the unique and beautiful styling as well as 
is something we must be thorough and very particu-
fun-to-drive aspects of battery EVs, and the experi-
lar about—power efficiency.
ence of a life with battery EVs.
44   Board of Directors and Audit & 
Supervisory Board Members
47   Operating Officers and  
Organizational Structure
48   Global Perspective/Data by Region
49   History
50   Financial Summary
52   Corporate Information and  
Stock Information
 
 
 
 

--- Page 3 ---
Message from the President
Taking action with a strong will and passion can absolutely change the future
Akio Toyoda Reflects on His 12-year Presidency
The COVID-19 pandemic is still affecting regions around the world to this day. Against this 
Not all of the actions we took during this difficult period were correct or successful. We experi-
backdrop, we at Toyota have continuously worked shoulder to shoulder with fellow manufac-
enced countless failures and made countless mistakes. But it is because I, together with my 
turers who together constitute the automotive industry, with the aim of supporting people’s 
colleagues, took action, that our failures came to light, upon which we stopped and took steps 
mobility and energizing the economy as a whole. At the same time, as we aim to pass down to 
to improve. This has led us to where we are today. 
the next generation a beautiful Earth in which everyone can live more happily, we have accelerated 
investment in initiatives aimed at achieving carbon neutrality as well as those related to CASE 
technologies, including Woven City. The continuation of these endeavors is, we believe, only 
possible due to stakeholder support. We hereby extend our wholehearted gratitude to all 
our stakeholders.
Our total sales over the past 12 years reached 300 trillion yen. However, the automotive industry 
has a broad supply chain. About 70 percent of the parts we use are purchased from suppliers, 
meaning that about 70 percent of our sales income can be attributed to what we paid for such 
parts. The cumulative total of these payments to suppliers is about 230 trillion yen. Considering 
that the annual national budget of Japan is 100 trillion yen, I think we can say that a consider-
able amount of money was made outside of Toyota. In addition, the consolidated number of 
employees increased by 50,000 to 370,000.
I believe that I was able to continue as president because of various crises. One after another, 
we have dealt with “once-in-a-century” crises, such as our fall into the red due to the global 
financial crisis, followed by the recall crisis, the U.S. Congressional hearings, and the Great 
East Japan Earthquake. I believe that it is precisely due to these crises that Toyota—and me as 
its president—have endured to this day. It is due to these crises that more and more of my 
Toyota colleagues started to listen to my perspective and to try to change.
Over the past 12 years, my colleagues and I have tirelessly taken action and faced reality 
together with those in the genba (on the front lines), trying to find the way forward through an 
uncharted world, working toward our mission of determining how Toyota should be.
(Photo: Noriaki Mitsuhashi/N-RAK PHOTO AGENCY)
2

--- Page 4 ---
Pursuing Best-in-town Around the World
The world is changing faster and on a grander scale than we have ever seen. The changes 
We might call this idea “give and give.” Not “give and take,” but “give and give.” It means trying 
taking place now call into question even things that many of us previously took for granted, 
to do what you think will be purely good for others, without expecting anything in return, and 
such as liberalism and globalization. Witnessing these changes has made me feel more strongly 
always doing so with a sense of gratitude.
than ever the importance of aiming to be the best in town. 
It’s not about aiming for global scale or trying to become the best in the world; it’s about being 
And that, I believe, will lead to Toyota becoming best in town.
Adhering to this idea will, over time, create trust, leading to mutual growth and development. 
the best in town. Our goal is to be the most trusted, most loved company in the towns where 
we operate. The idea is to work to bring smiles to the faces of the people in the towns we serve.
Toyota’s Mission of “Producing Happiness for All”
With the CASE revolution, I believe that the cars of the future will be connected to communities 
and people’s lives through information, becoming part of our social systems.
Amid this changing landscape, we are striving to completely redesign ourselves as a mobility 
company and ambitiously working to create an “ever-better mobility society” in which people 
can live happily, with smiles on their faces.
As an automobile company, our history is one of manufacturing industrial products. Uniformity 
in our workforce was necessary for this work, because it is important to produce consistent 
quality regardless of the product or who is working on it. However, the needs of customers and 
society are becoming more diverse, and, going forward, mobility will need to offer attractive 
performance in terms of both hardware and software. Under such circumstances, I feel that 
human resources with diverse values and abilities are increasingly important. I also believe that 
such a diverse and talented workforce will be the driving force behind innovation.
3

--- Page 5 ---
Woven Planet, the software company of the Toyota Group, is at the forefront of such innova-
I believe that a mission is not something to be shared through words, but rather, through work 
tion. In Woven City, we will demonstrate a mobility society on the level of a city, going beyond 
and action in the genba that represents the mission on the basis of genchi-genbutsu (onsite, 
hardware and software to connect hearts, and, together with diverse partners, make people in 
hands-on experience).
the community happy.
The Toyota Philosophy, which we established in 2020, defines our mission as “producing 
wanted to be the most “genba-oriented” president. I cannot foresee the future. All I can do, 
 happiness for all.” I believe that happiness can take various forms, depending on the person. 
instead, is to give it a try together with my colleagues at the genba and never stop moving 
“Producing happiness for all” does not mean producing the same thing for everyone. Thinking 
forward, making mistakes and improvements along the way. I believe that there is a world of 
through diversification and engaging in high-mix, low-volume production is the kind of 
difference between where we might end up simply by letting things run their course for the next 
 “production of happiness for all” for which we aim.
20 to 30 years and how that same future might look if we continue to take action with passion 
When I was appointed president 12 years ago, I was asked about my aspirations. I said that I 
At Toyota, a great many people are working together with various stakeholders in their respective 
genba on tasks of the present, past, and future.
As the most genba-oriented president, I will continue to try to prove through my actions that 
we can absolutely change the future if we are all united as one under the mission of “producing 
Those working on present-oriented tasks continue to build up strength for the work of the 
happiness for all.”
and the will to make the future better.
future. Those working on past-oriented tasks are continuously making improvements to avoid 
bringing negative things forward to the future. Those working on future-oriented tasks are using 
the strength generated by the work on the present and the past to take on new challenges—
making mistakes along the way—to push forward into uncharted territory.
I have realized something about how Toyota has changed—Toyota, which used to be siloed by 
function, has now become united as one. What is the driving force behind this? I think it is 
our mission.
“Let’s make ever-better cars.”
“Let’s aim to be the best in town, not the best in the world.”
“Let’s achieve sustainable growth.”
“Let’s work for the sake of others.”
During my time as president, the entirety of what I have tried to convey to our 370,000 
 colleagues around the world comes down to the importance of thinking through the  questions, 
“What is our purpose as a company?” and “How can we contribute to the world?”
4

--- Page 6 ---
Our Founding Spirit: For the Sake of Others 
Sakichi Toyoda Sought to Ease His 
Mother’s Burden
Sakichi Toyoda, the founder of the Toyota Group, 
was born the son of a carpenter in the village of 
Yamaguchi, now part of Kosai City, Shizuoka 
Prefecture, in 1867. Full of curiosity, Sakichi is said to 
have spent his early years reading a wide range of 
books, thinking about how he might make a contri-
bution to society. One day, Sakichi was thinking 
about his mother, and how every evening she toiled 
at her loom, weaving fabric late into the night. He 
wondered if there might be a way to make her work 
easier. At the time, weaving was a laborious process, 
requiring the use of both hands and legs to control 
the threads of warp and weft in sequence. At the 
age of 23, Sakichi invented his first loom, the Toyoda 
Wooden Hand Loom, which could be operated with 
only one hand and greatly increased efficiency. He 
patented the loom in May 1891. 
  Seeking to more dramatically increase capacity, 
Sakichi turned his attention to developing 
a  powered loom and invented Japan’s first, the 
Toyoda Power Loom, for which he received 
a  patent in August 1898. 
  Sakichi continued to invent and improve looms 
for more than two decades. This work came to 
head with the Non-Stop Shuttle Change Toyoda 
Automatic Loom, Type G, invented in 1924 in 
collaboration with his son, Kiichiro. 
  At the time, automatic looms had to be con-
stantly watched over by human operators so that 
they could intervene when unpredictable anoma-
lies, such as threads breaking, occurred. The Type 
G automatic loom used a mechanism to detect 
anomalies like running out of or breaks in the 
thread, stopping automatically in response. 
  Furthermore, the Type G automatically changed 
the loom’s shuttle when the thread was close to 
running out. When changing the shuttles holding 
the weft thread, operators previously had to use 
their mouths to suck the end of the thread through 
the eye of the shuttle, inhaling cotton dust, which 
caused problems in the lungs of many workers. 
Sakichi, Kiichiro, and the colleagues invented a way 
to pull the thread through using a simple manual 
action that took advantage of the thread’s tension. 
  The drive to serve others and make their work 
easier—like Sakichi’s desire to ease the burden of his 
mother and employees—was carried on by his son 
Kiichiro and remains a core value of Toyota today. 
  The Type G automatic loom was said to boast 
the best performance of any loom in the world, 
improving productivity more than twentyfold and 
dramatically increasing textile quality. The success 
of the Type G empowered Kiichiro Toyoda to take 
on the challenge of establishing a Japanese 
automotive industry, which many at the time, 
more than 80 years ago, considered beyond the 
capabilities of Japanese industry. This was the 
work to which he would dedicate the rest of his life. 
Making Domestic Cars and Establishing 
a Japanese Auto Industry 
Kiichiro Toyoda, the son of Sakichi, was born in 
1894. After graduating from college in 1921, he went 
to work at Toyoda Boshoku, his father’s company, 
and traveled to Europe and the United States for the 
first time. In the 1920s, the streets of the United 
States were teeming with Ford Model Ts. The 
automotive era was dawning. In Japan, the number 
of imported automobiles was gradually rising, but 
their use was confined to the very wealthy. 
Sakichi’s first invention: 
The Toyoda wooden 
hand loom
(photo provided by the 
Toyota Commemorative 
Museum of Industry  
and Technology)
5
Model A1 passenger car proto-
type completion ceremony
Type G  
automatic loom
 Our Founding Spirit 
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy 
 Toyota Production System (TPS)
  Kiichiro was already determined to produce 
domestic cars and establish a Japanese auto 
industry. In 1926, Kiichiro was named managing 
director of the newly established Toyoda 
Automatic Loom Works, Ltd. and began studying 
automobiles in earnest. The company established 
an automotive department in September 1933 
and in 1934 officially entered the automotive 
business, completing its first engine prototype. 
In 1935, the first Toyoda Model A1 prototype 
passenger car was completed, and the Toyoda 
Model G1 Truck was announced. The very next 
year, in 1936, mass production of Model AA 
passenger cars commenced. Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. was established in 1937, with Kiichiro be-
coming its president in 1941. 
Management Crisis, Labor Disputes, and 
Commitment to Providing Employment 
In post-war 1949 Japan, measures to curb 
inflation rapidly stabilized prices, but the resulting 
reduction in the money supply plunged industry 
into serious funding shortages, triggering the 
so-called “Dodge Line Recession.” The prices of 
iron, steel, and other materials rose, but the 
officially fixed price of automobiles stood 
 unchanged, causing the profitability of the 
 automotive industry to decline significantly. 
In December of that year, Toyota Motor Co., 
Ltd. and its labor union signed a memorandum 
aimed at cooperating to overcome the crisis, 
stating that that the Company was at all costs to 
avoid job cuts as a means of overcoming the 
crisis. Kiichiro had faced employment issues at 
Toyoda Automatic Loom Works during the Showa 
Depression in 1930 and was determined to never 
again allow such a situation to arise. His entry into 
the automotive industry had been in part a strate-
gy to diversify and thereby avoid the recurrence of 
employment problems, so he was, of course, 
resolved to avoid job cuts at all costs in the face 
of the 1949 business crisis.
In January 1950, negotiations with the Bank of 
Japan began on the Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. 
reconstruction plan. In April of that year, Toyota 
Motor Sales Co., Ltd. was established to resolve 
the problem of delays in payments for vehicles, 
a major cause of the Company’s financial troubles. 
Far from improving, however, the situation 
 worsened further. As the Company’s business 
results showed no sign of improvement, 
 labor-management negotiations with the Toyota 
Motor Co., Ltd. labor union deteriorated into a 
protracted dispute. During collective bargaining 
that April, the Company made reconstruction 
proposals centered on job cuts that the labor 
union could not accept, and the dispute 
 continued for another month and a half until 
a memorandum was finally signed in June. 
  Accepting responsibility for the labor disputes, 
Kiichiro Toyoda resigned as president of the 
Company in May 1950. In March 1952, he agreed 
to make his much-awaited return to the position, 
but, before he could do so, he passed away at 
the age of 57. Nevertheless, his aspirations were 
kept alive by his colleagues, who persevered with 
purely home-grown technologies as other 
Japanese automakers were forming technology 
alliances with U.S. and European manufacturers. 
These efforts led to the 1955 launch of the 
Toyopet Crown, the first passenger car to be 
developed and built entirely in Japan, a long-held 
dream of Kiichiro Toyoda. 
The Spirit of Sakichi and Kiichiro Toyoda
Born into a poor family, Sakichi Toyoda was 
driven to make others’ work easier, teaching 
himself in order to invent automatic looms and 
going on to build Toyota’s foundations. Not 
content to simply follow the easy path set by his 
father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of 
domestic car-making, which many at the time 
said was impossible, navigating tremendous 
social changes as he built the Company and the 
foundations of Japan’s automotive industry. The 
spirit they embodied—of striving to stay ahead of 
the times and endeavoring to be studious and 
creative for the betterment of lives and society—
lives on in Toyota today. It is the core of what 
makes us Toyota.
 
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy
 Our Founding Spirit 
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy 
 Toyota Production System (TPS)
With an eye toward “Producing 
Happiness for All” - Selections 
from the Q&A session of Toyota’s 
1H/2Q financial results briefing
In 1935, five years after the passing of Sakichi Toyoda, the 
Company had grown to more than 10,000 employees as the 
automotive business ramped up. The Toyoda Principles were 
compiled at this time to convey Sakichi’s teachings to all employees 
and provide guidelines for all aspects of their work. 
  The top management of Toyota that took over from Kiichiro, 
Sakichi’s son, further codified the Toyota Philosophy, encompassing 
Toyota’s values, priorities, and strengths. This philosophy provided 
the answer to the fundamental question, “What is Toyota?” as 
a touchstone for the entire Group.
  The automotive industry is experiencing a once-in-a-century transfor-
mation. In the same way that Toyota transitioned from loom maker to 
automaker, we are now reinventing ourselves as a mobility company.
  To guide us as we push forward into the future amid an era of 
uncertainty, we have now created the Toyota Philosophy Cone, 
a graphic representation of the Toyota Philosophy presented in 
a shape that evokes both the spools of thread used in looms and 
the traffic cones used to guide cars. 
What is Toyota?
Toyota Philosophy Cone
Sakichi Toyoda’s 
resolution
Facilities
Operations
Management is 
about people
Stakeholders
6
DNA
Toyota’s basic principles 
Toyoda Principles 
The Toyoda Principles, or Five 
Main Principles of Toyoda, 
have since been handed 
down to every Toyota Group 
company and serve as 
guidelines for all employees.
Modern Interpretation
•  We unite as one team regardless of rank in order to contribute to our people, society, 
and communities.
•  We develop and learn from outstanding ideas and cutting-edge technologies across the world. 
We enhance our capabilities utilizing our own wisdom and create new value to continue to lead 
the change.
•  We focus on work that is value-adding, with integrity and practicality, by avoiding 
superficial matters. 
•  We build a sense of community and promote the personal growth of our people while valuing 
mutual trust and equal partnership with our stakeholders.
•  We show humility for the support of our business by our valued stakeholders and society while 
also respecting the diversity of the world.
Five Main Principles of Toyoda 
MISSION
Toyota’s mission since its foundation
Producing Happiness for All
Born into a family of poor farmers, Sakichi Toyoda built the bedrock of today’s Toyota by inventing the Toyoda Automatic Loom by 
himself. Abandoning the easy path left by his father, Kiicihro Toyoda took on the challenge of making cars. Many at the time said it 
was impossible.
  Their passion was carried on by those who worked with them, shaping the Toyota we know today. What they truly wanted to make 
was a sense of happiness for any customer who used their products, as well as happiness for every person involved in the work 
related to those products. The core of this aspiration was the idea of producing happiness for all. 
  However, during Toyota’s long history, there was a brief time when we turned our focus to numbers and gave less thought to people. 
Primarily due to our rapid expansion in the late 20th century, we faced many problems, including quality concerns and trade friction.
  Let us not forget that there are some things that machines cannot create. Only humans can invest the time and energy to bring life 
to such things. We strive to stay ahead of the times, endeavoring to be studious and creative for the betterment of lives and society. 
Using our technology, we work toward a future of convenience and happiness available to all. This is our mission, producing 
 happiness for all, and the core of what makes us Toyota
Sakichi Toyoda
Kiichiro Toyoda
VISION
The future vision that Toyota aspires to 
Creating Mobility for All
Toyota strives to raise the quality and availability of mobility, so that individuals, 
businesses, municipalities, and communities can do more, while achieving a 
sustainable relationship with our planet. This is our new destination.
  Motorization has enabled freedom of movement and has brought people and 
society closer. As a result, more people than ever can now experience mobility, 
including the “fun to drive” experience.
  And yet, challenges related to mobility persist. There are still many potential 
opportunities to overcome inconveniences and break through the impossible 
with new possibilities. 
  “To move” can refer to physical motion, but also to the experience of being 
emotionally moved. It is our role to move people and bring mobility to life—to 
move hearts, minds, and bodies. To move society.
VALUE
Value that Toyota can promise to stakeholders
Toyota Way 
As we work to realize mobility for all, the road will be rough at times. 
In addition to our commitment to monozukuri (manufacturing), we 
must foster imagination regarding the possibilities of people and 
society. These tangible and intangible aspects together power 
Toyota: imagination fuels monozukuri, and monozukuri sparks new 
imagination. In advancing this cycle, it is essential to center the 
perspectives of our many stakeholders, imagining their points of view.
  We work with our stakeholders and partners, each elevating the 
other, uniting the strengths of all three to create new and unique 
value. This is the new Toyota Way.
 

--- Page 8 ---
 Our Founding Spirit 
 The Toyoda Principles and Toyota Philosophy 
 Toyota Production System (TPS)
Toyota Production System (TPS)
Participant A
I think they are “Just-in-Time” and “automation with 
a human touch,” or “Jidoka.”
Toyoda 
That’s it! That’s what I wanted to hear! (everyone laughs)
That’s why I volunteered to be the lecturer today to 
help kick off the TPS training program. Hopefully, 
I can help narrow the gap between my understanding 
of Jidoka and Just-in-Time and yours.
  First of all, let’s talk about Jidoka. It’ll be easier to 
explain the concept by first looking at the automatic 
loom invented by Sakichi Toyoda. Thinking about his 
mother, and how she toiled to weave fabrics every 
evening and late into the night, the young Sakichi 
wondered if there might be a way to ease her burden. 
When Sakichi developed his first automated loom, both 
hands were used to control the threads of warp and weft. 
His invention allowed his mother to operate a loom using 
only one hand. It also helped improve quality, increasing 
overall efficiency and dramatically improving productivity.
Often at Toyota, TPS is considered the process of 
making things efficient, and people talk about it as if 
changing work processes is TPS’s purpose. But, 
I think the purpose should always be to make 
someone’s work easier.
  2.  Improving Productivity was not the 
Main Purpose
The Type G automatic loom is the machine that helped 
drive a redesign of Toyota’s business. Automatic looms 
back then were always monitored by one operator, 
based on a mindset of “one person, one machine.” 
Each person was the “guard” of their machine.
This was because operators were unable to 
predict abnormalities.
With this automatic loom, Toyota was able to secure the 
capital required to shift its business model from an 
automatic loom manufacturer to a car manufacturer. This 
was because a world-leading automatic loom company 
in the United Kingdom asked Toyota to sell its automatic 
loom technology.
The most common abnormalities that occurred when 
weaving fabric with automatic looms were when 
thread ran out or broke. The Type G was able to 
detect such abnormalities at a time when there were 
no sensors. 
  When the thread ran out, it automatically changed 
to another wooden shuttle with a new thread. 
  The shuttle needs to have the thread end out on 
the surface. Before this machine was invented, 
workers had to suck it out themselves. The problem 
was that there was a lot of cotton dust in the air in 
textile factories, which could damage workers’ lungs 
when they inhaled deeply. Sakichi invented a new 
feature that automatically brought out the thread end. 
This invention was the result of Sakichi simply 
exploring a desire to do something for his team 
members on the manufacturing front lines who were 
suffering damage in their lungs.
  Thus, Sakichi determined what the abnormalities 
were and then came up with system to prevent or 
stop them. As a result, productivity improved—not 
the other way around. He did not do all this just to 
improve productivity.
  3.  How President Toyoda Sees Jidoka 
(Automation with a Human Touch)
In my view, Jidoka is about being centered on 
people. It’s about putting yourself in the shoes of 
someone working there. You can’t just issue orders 
to improve efficiency or reduce resources from the 
safety of your position far from the front lines. 
Toyota also has this idea about adjusting the work 
per person to match the full output of one unit of 
manpower (pursuing ichi-nin-ku in Japanese).
This concept of ichi-nin-ku means the amount of work 
that one worker can or should accomplish in a day. 
We all only have 24 hours in a day. This applies equally 
to everyone. And employees spend a lot of that time 
devoted to work for a company. Knowing this, 
supervisors must make the work being done by team 
members as meaningful as possible. That is what 
Toyota’s manufacturing front lines have been pursuing.
The focus is creating more free time for workers by 
eliminating waste in work processes to reduce overtime. 
Pursuing ichi-nin-ku means valuing each person’s time. 
  4.  How President Toyoda Sees 
Just-in-Time
A phrase that is commonly associated with the concept 
of Just-in-Time is “provide what is needed, when 
needed, in the amount needed.” The key to understand-
ing Just-in-Time is the idea of “lead time,” the amount of 
In May 2020, at Toyota’s financial results briefing, 
President Akio Toyoda reflected on the efforts the 
Company had made over the previous few years, saying:
“Over the past few years, we came to feverishly engage 
in both a fight to bring back what makes us Toyota 
and the complete redesign of Toyota for the future.”
Revisiting messages President Toyoda gave starting from 
a few years ago, two of the things he repeatedly has said 
that makes us Toyota are the Toyota Production System, 
or TPS, and cost reduction.
  Last year, at Toyota Motor Corporation in Japan, 
a new training program was started to nurture a select 
group of “TPS leaders” from various divisions across the 
Company. To emphasize the importance of the program 
and to share his own thoughts about TPS, President 
Toyoda joined the kick-off session.
  1.  Sakichi Toyoda Sought to Ease His 
Mother’s Burdens
This training program was created for Toyota’s manage-
ment leaders who don’t work at manufacturing front 
lines to gain a deeper understanding of TPS in order to 
help the Company accelerate its efforts to bring back the 
essence of what makes it Toyota as it looks to completely 
redesign Toyota for the future.
Toyoda 
I was a little concerned to hear today’s participants’ 
statement of determination to “change Toyota any 
way possible by utilizing what’s learned and obtained 
through this program.” 
  There are two key concepts deeply rooted in 
Toyota since its foundation, or even before then. 
Does anyone know what they are?
7
What is the Toyota Production System?
Akio Toyoda’s View
time required for products or services to be delivered 
after they are ordered.
Toyoda 
What comes to mind when you think about 
Just-in-Time?
  Taking a “what is needed when needed” approach, 
to respond quickly to customer needs, there would 
need to be a lot of inventory, right? One finished 
vehicle consists of about 30,000 parts. So, it would 
follow that for a production line to flexibly produce 
orders quickly, a tremendous amount of inventory 
would need to on hand, right?
Participant B
But if we know and can meet what customers want...
Toyoda 
Who do you mean by “customers”?
Participant B
Each downstream process... or our final end users.
Toyoda 
But we sell around 10 million new vehicles annually, 
and that means we have the same number of 
customers. How can we understand what is needed 
by each specific customer? We can’t, so instead, we 
have to have a lean operation in place to detect 
abnormalities right away and halt the pipeline so that 
we can make improvements quickly. And that’s why 
we need Just-in-Time.
In this way, I think the key concept that makes 
Just-in-Time easier to understand is “lead time.”
At Toyota, a common term for the next process in 
a workflow, whether it be in manufacturing or in an office, 
is “downstream process.” Those in the downstream are 
considered a “customer.” President Toyoda was trying to 
convince the participants to think of “Just-in-Time” in the 
context of the bigger picture, to consider not only the 
immediate downstream, but how things relate to the 
company as a whole to deliver Toyota’s vehicles to the 
end customers “just-in-time.”
  5.  Achieving the Lead Time of  
a Sushi Restaurant?
Take, for example, sushi. When you go to an authen-
tic sushi restaurant, are the finished orders just 
waiting in front of the chef? I don’t think so. Each 
piece is made to order. You can’t prepare every 
specification in advance for 10 million customers.
It’s important to understand what we can’t do. The 
key, then, is trying to shorten lead time.
 

--- Page 9 ---
 Making Ever-better Cars 
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality 
 Software and Connected Initiatives 
 Commercial Sector Initiatives 
 Woven City
Making Ever-better Cars: Product-centered Management 
At the November 2021 Nationwide Toyota 
Dealers Convention, President Toyoda 
Spoke About Product-centered Management. 
Why is that? I think it is because Toyota treats 
anything about them. But, he said, if I was 
and Corolla, which drove the motorization of 
sports car development as the front line for 
interested, he would teach me to drive. That 
Japan, as well as the Prius, which created 
developing the skills and knowledge that will 
was the start of my journey, under the new 
the hybrid electric vehicle market. More 
be passed down as well as human resource 
nickname Morizo, to becoming a master driver. 
rugged long sellers include the Land Cruiser, 
development. For Toyota, sports car develop-
Hiace, and Probox. The Coaster and Century 
ment has been like a rite of renewal and 
From there, though a decade late, Toyota 
were long sellers, too. Indeed, Toyota boasts 
Over the decades, Toyota has provided 
rebirth carried out every 20 years. 
went on to develop the LFA in the 2010s, 
numerous models that have been beloved by 
society with a wide range of products aimed 
recapturing the “secret sauce,” that flavor 
customers for decades.
at meeting customer needs, beginning with 
Following this cycle, the next generation of 
unique to Toyota and Lexus cars. 
the Toyoda Model AA in 1936. Looking back 
Toyota sports cars should have hit the scene 
Despite this, when Toyota was focusing on 
on our history of car marking, I see two key 
in the 2000s. They did not. 
We went on to revive the 86 and the Supra, 
the number of vehicles sold and making 
themes. 
as well, but all of these were made in collabo-
vehicles mainly for overseas markets, the 
Around that time, Toyota was growing its 
ration with outside partners. We still wanted 
position of long-selling cars within the 
The first is “sports cars.”
vehicle sales, mainly outside Japan, and 
to once again make a sports car that would 
Company shifted greatly. The Crown and 
pursuing scale expansion. Amid that push, 
be all our own. This dream led to the devel-
Corolla began to undergo regular model 
The 1960s were a key era for Toyota’s sports 
the role of its old renewal rite was forgotten, 
opment of the GR Yaris. 
cars. This decade saw the birth of many 
and sports cars disappeared from Toyota’s 
changes based solely on an annual schedule, 
while rugged vehicles like the Land Cruiser 
sports cars that would eventually achieve 
vehicle lineup
For years, I have constantly been talking 
and Hiace no longer had model changes at 
legendary status, such as the Publica Sports, 
about “ever-better car making.” Now, as the 
all. These long-selling cars had been beloved 
Sports 800, and 2000GT. Then, in the 1980s, 
I was not the only one who sensed how 
number of my colleagues taking action with 
by customers and an integral part of their 
Toyota launched the Supra, MR2, Celica, and 
dangerous this was. Our test drivers, in fact, 
me has grown, this has evolved into  
lives for so long, but now it was considered 
Levin/Trueno. In this way, Toyota has created 
felt the danger more keenly than I did. I think 
“ever-better car making from a starting point 
unimportant for them to change or evolve. 
sports cars that bring together the most 
that feeling was part of why Hiromu Naruse, 
in motorsports.” 
cutting-edge technological prowess of the 
then Toyota’s chief test driver, told me, very 
However, I believe that only by constantly 
era every two decades. 
frankly, that he didn’t want to be preached to 
The second key theme is “long sellers.”
changing to meet the needs of the times can 
about cars by someone who didn’t know 
Toyota’s long sellers have included the Crown 
Sports 800
MR2
Publica Sports
8
2000GT
Celica
Supra
Levin/Trueno
LFA
GR Yaris
 

--- Page 10 ---
 Making Ever-better Cars 
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality 
 Software and Connected Initiatives 
 Commercial Sector Initiatives 
 Woven City
a car be a long seller. We have already begun 
However, creating a new platform and promot-
Offering a full lineup means that we must 
Morizo, master driver, and president of Toyoda. 
working to reclaim this approach.
ing standardization is not so easy. I found myself 
always have people who are passionate and 
wishing that Toyota had moved away from the 
responsible about creating cars in all genres, 
Wearing these three hats at once, I have 
The Vitz, as it was known in Japan, was 
one-model, one-platform approach and imple-
from sports cars to commercial vehicles. 
gone to front lines myself and worked along-
unified under the name Yaris, which had 
mented platform reforms while its sales volumes 
Ensuring this is the true objective of the 
side my colleagues these past 12 years. I am 
taken root overseas, and we expanded its 
and revenues had been expanding. 
in-house company system. 
sure that all of that effort shows in our 
lineup to include the GR Yaris and Yaris 
products. 
Cross. Similarly, the Corolla lineup saw the 
During the very difficult time after the 2008 
The lure of increasing unit sales and revenue 
addition of the Corolla Sport and Corolla 
global financial crisis, when Toyota fell into 
in the short term is hard to resist. This is why 
By continuing to make ever-better cars, our 
Cross. Our strategy was to build a lineup 
the red and we could not increase unit sales, 
we must nurture people and organizations 
brand will continue to evolve. This is what I 
tailored to current needs while leveraging the 
we all had to grit our teeth and work even 
capable of focusing and placing the highest 
believe to be the essence of product- 
brand strength of our long sellers.
harder. The fruit of this labor was a powerful 
priority on creating the cars that Toyota and 
centered management. It means not aiming 
tool—the TNGA. 
society really need.
to be the biggest in the world in terms of 
units sold, but aiming to be the best in town 
“Let’s make ever-better cars.” 
I believe that it is precisely because we have the 
The final pillar is a figure at the top who can 
by creating better cars that bring smiles to 
This idea was the impetus for the transforma-
TNGA that we are able to restore the sports 
take final responsibility. It’s embarrassing to 
customers’ faces. 
tion of Toyota’s car making. Three pillars 
cars and long sellers that for so many years 
say so myself, but I think that one thing that 
supported this transformation.
have supported the Toyota brand to their proper 
sets Toyota apart, that it has and other OEMs 
At first, when I spoke about making ever- 
places and tackle the challenge of building 
don’t, is a master driver in top management. 
better cars, few understood me, or tried. 
The first pillar, and the first that we took on, 
up their lineups.
A president who can take responsibility for 
However, thanks to the support of my 
was the Toyota New Global Architecture 
the “flavor” of the products we put out. A 
 colleagues who believed in me and to the 
(TNGA). To achieve excellent performance in 
The second pillar is the in-house company 
president who is able to definitively say “no” 
support of our dealers, I think that Toyota’s 
the basic functions of a car—propulsion, 
system. A defining characteristic of Toyota is 
to projects, even ones that our development 
products have slowly but surely changed for 
turning, and stopping—a solid platform 
its full lineup of diverse vehicles that meet a 
teams have worked hard on, if they don’t 
the better. 
is essential. 
comprehensive range of customer needs. 
have that unique Toyota/Lexus flavor.
History of Toyota’s car making 
The three pillars of ever-better car making 
Two key words 
1. Sports car 
2. Long seller 
1. Platform reforms via the TNGA
2.  In-house company system transforming people 
and organizations 
3.  A master driver in top management taking  
final responsibility 
9
Going forward, we will continue to do our 
utmost to make ever-better cars. 
I hope to convey the heart and the story of 
Toyota, which we put into every product, to 
all our dealers and as many customers as 
possible. Nothing would please me more 
than if that story were to become one of the 
many new stories connecting the hearts of 
our dealers and customers. 
 
 
 

--- Page 11 ---
Making Ever-better Cars: From a Starting Point in Motorsports
 Making Ever-better Cars 
 Initiatives to Achieve Carbon Neutrality 
 Software and Connected Initiatives 
 Commercial Sector Initiatives 
 Woven City
Recently, President Akio Toyoda has often 
been adding “from a starting point in 
 motorsports” when using the phrase 
 “ever-better car making.” He spoke about 
the idea behind this at the press conference 
announcing the 2022 TOYOTA GAZOO 
Racing drivers and management members.
up my mind to enter the race. Although four 
months was hardly enough time for the 
engineers to prepare, I safely finished the 
24-hour race as well as three subsequent 
races. For each race, they continued to 
improve the car, making it stronger and faster. 
themselves. I think that they came to under-
stand Kiichiro’s words not just intellectually, 
but in a deeper, visceral way. 
In 1952, shortly 
before his death, 
the founder  
Kiichiro Toyoda 
wrote the following.
I think that these words provide the core 
principle of “ever-better car making from 
a starting point in motorsports.” There were 
two cars that led me to this core principle.
The other car is the GR Yaris.
We made this car for a specific purpose: to 
win the World Rally Championship.
Until now, Toyota has made its race cars by 
modifying its mass-production cars. That was 
the limit of what we could do. The GR Yaris is 
our attempt to flip this approach by designing 
a race car from the ground up. From the 
initial stages of development, we reached out 
to professional drivers to have them drive the 
car. When problems came to light during their 
drives, they were fixed, and then we had 
them drive the car again. Development 
progressed nimbly, and the car evolved into 
one that is fun to drive. As Morizo (my driver 
name), I partnered with this car on the 
Gamagori dirt course for training to hone my 
driving skills. 
Come to think of it, it has been 14 years 
since Hiromu Naruse and I drove used 
Altezzas in the 24 Hours of Nürburgring 
endurance race. Racing on the streets 
toughens people up and makes cars stron-
ger. I want to enable Toyota to make cars 
that way again. That may be what I have 
been working toward all along.
In 2009, when I became president, I implored 
our employees to make ever-better cars. 
Since then, I often get asked what kind of 
cars are ever-better cars.
I have a certain idea of what makes a better 
car. It’s not necessarily the same as someone 
else’s idea of a better car. What makes a 
better car depends on the driver. It is for this 
reason that cars can only be made in the 
streets and not at a desk.
However, back in 2009, not many people 
understood what I meant by this. It’s not 
enough to simply tell someone that the 
I rode in the first of these cars with racer 
Kamui Kobayashi at Gamagori four months 
before entering the Super Taikyu 24-hour 
race. It was while I was in the car that I made 
Drive it, break it, fix it, strengthen it, drive it 
again, and break it again. By repeating this 
process, the engineers not only advanced the 
car’s development, they also changed 
Kiichiro Toyoda
“The Japanese automobile production industry 
must master the art of manufacturing passenger 
vehicles. In order to test the durability and perfor-
mance of their cars, companies ought to participate 
in auto races, demonstrate the full performance of 
their vehicles, and compete for superiority. This will 
both lead to progress in their vehicles and spark 
the enthusiasm of automobile fans. Such races 
must not be regarded as a simple matter of curiosity, 
for they are indispensable to the development of 
Japan’s automobile manufacturing industry.”
1 0
 
