
--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Consolidated Performance
Highlights
Special Feature: Reforging Bonds of Trust
Leading the Automobile Industry in a New Age
Toyota Business Revolution
・ The Transformation to an Evolutionary Business Model 
・ State-of-the-Art Developments for the 
・ Developing Products from the
  Immense China Market
  Customer’s Perspective
  in India’s High-Growth Market
Top Messages
・ Chairman’s Message
・ President’s Message
・ Commitment to Quality
Business Overview
  Operations
・ Automotive Operations
・ Financial Services
・ Other Business
・ Motoｒsports Activities
  Operations
Corporate Information
  Property
・ R&D and Intellectual
・ Corporate Philosophy
・ Management Team
・ Corporate Governance
・ Risk Factors
・ Other Management and 
  Corporate Data
Financial Section
・ Message from the
  Executive Vice President
  Responsible for Accounting
The future Toyota is
aiming for.
Investor
Information
Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements
This  presentation  contains  forward-looking  statements  that  reﬂect  Toyota’s  plans  and  expectations.  These 
forward-looking  statements  are  not  guarantees  of  future  performance  and  involve  known  and  unknown  risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that may cause Toyota’s actual results, performance, achievements or ﬁnancial 
position  to  be  materially  diﬀerent  from  any  future  results,  performance,  achievements  or  ﬁnancial  position 
expressed  or  implied  by  these  forward-looking  statements.  These  factors  include:  (i)  changes  in  economic 
conditions and market demand aﬀecting, and the competitive environment in, the automotive markets in Japan, 
North America, Europe, Asia and other markets in which Toyota operates; (ii) ﬂuctuations in currency exchange 
rates, particularly with respect to the value of the Japanese yen, the U.S. dollar, the Euro, the Australian dollar, 
the Canadian dollar and the British pound; (iii) changes in funding environment in ﬁnancial markets; (iv) Toyota’s 
ability to realize production eﬃciencies and to implement capital expenditures at the levels and times planned by 
management;  (v)  changes  in  the  laws,  regulations  and  government  policies  in  the  markets  in  which  Toyota 
operates  that  aﬀect  Toyota’s  automotive  operations,  particularly  laws,  regulations  and  government  policies 
relating to vehicle safety including remedial measures such as recalls, trade, environmental protection, vehicle 
emissions and vehicle fuel economy, as well as changes in laws, regulations and government policies that aﬀect 
Toyota’s  other  operations,  including  the  outcome  of  current  and  future  litigation  and  other  legal  proceedings 
government proceedings and investigations; (vi) political instability in the markets in which Toyota operates; (vii) 
Toyota’s ability to timely develop and achieve market acceptance of new products that meet customer demand; 
(viii)  any  damage  to  Toyota’s  brand  image;  and  (ix)  fuel  shortages  or  interruptions  in  transportation  systems, 
labor  strikes,  work  stoppages  or  other  interruptions  to,  or  diﬃculties  in,  the  employment  of  labor  in  the  major 
markets  where  Toyota  purchases  materials,  components  and  supplies  for  the  production  of  its  products  or 
where its products are produced, distributed or sold.
　A discussion of these and other factors which may aﬀect Toyota’s actual results, performance, achievements 
or ﬁnancial position is contained in Toyota’s annual report on Form 20-F, which is on ﬁle with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission.

--- Page 3 ---
Chairman’s Message
Top Messages
Top Messages
Top Messages
Special Feature
Special Feature
Consolidated
Performance Highlights
Business Overview
Corporate Information
Financial Section
Investor Information
Chairman's Message
President's Message
Commitment to Quality
Thoroughly Reaffirming Toyota’s Founding Principles
Worldwide competition in the automotive industry is growing more intense, as demonstrated by 
increasing demand for innovative and competitively priced products that meet unique customer 
needs.  In  addition,  environmental  concerns  are  becoming  a  higher  priority  for  the  international 
community.
　Toyota’s  70-year  history  has  been  very  valuable  in  helping  the  Company  address  the  major 
challenges  it  faces  today.  We  have  experienced  recessions,  automobile  trade  liberalization, 
environmental  concerns,  oil  shocks  and  other  major  changes  in  the  operating  environment. 
In  each  case,  we  remained  faithful  to  our  founding  principles  of  contributing  to  society.  With 
humility,  we  learned  and  evolved.  The  current  difficulties  have  given  us  cause  to  reaffirm  these 
principles.  We  are  confident  that  by  providing  safe,  high-quality  vehicles  at  affordable  prices, 
the  starting  point  for  growth,  we  can  overcome  the  issues  we  now  face  by  adhering  steadfastly 
to  customer-first, Genchi Genbutsu (on-site,  hands-on  experience)  principles  and  striving  for 
continuous improvement.
Building the Automobile of the Future
The  automobile  industry  is  being  driven  by  advances  in  environmental  technology.  Toyota 
will  work  to  improve  its  technology,  while  broadening  its  strategy  of  sustainable  mobility  to 
include  new  technologies  and  products,  partnerships,  the  urban  environment  and  energy.  By 
strengthening  the  bonds  between  the  customers,  dealers  and  suppliers  who  represent  our 
Remaining True to
Customer-First and
Genchi Genbutsu Principles as
We Build the Cars of the Future
In  fiscal  2010,  Toyota  faced  very  challenging  business  conditions, 
driving force, we will redouble our efforts to create a new future for the automobile.
such that the Company initially forecast operating losses. Although 
　I ask for the continued support and understanding of all of our stakeholders.
a  few  emerging  markets  showed  signs  of  recovery,  the  global 
economic  crisis  continued  to  affect  markets  in  Japan,  the  United 
States,  Europe  and  other  parts  of  the  world.  Although  Toyota 
July 2010
achieved profitability on a consolidated basis, we fell short of a full-
scale  earnings  recovery.  I  apologize  sincerely  for  any  concern  this 
may  have  caused  our  shareholders,  investors,  customers,  suppliers, 
communities  and  other  stakeholders.  Under  these  circumstances, 
we  made  many  difficult  decisions  and  introduced  new  operating 
structures across the Company. In June 2009, we put in place a new 
management  team  to  facilitate  structural  reforms  and  a  recovery 
in  performance.  Returning  to  the  spirit  of  manufacturing  cars  that 
has been essential to Toyota since its founding, we are preparing to 
take the next step forward.
TOYOTA ANNUAL REPORT 2010
1
