
--- Page 10 ---
8 
Letter to our Shareholders  
To our Shareholders
Data and electricity 
are driving us now. 
– Herbert Diess –

--- Page 11 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
9
With  56,000  units  delivered,  the  Volkswagen  ID.3  was  the 
Group’s most successful electric vehicle in 2020, followed by 
the  Audi  e-tron  and  the  Porsche  Taycan. We  intend  to  invest 
around €35 billion in e-mobility over the next five years, plus 
another  €11 billion  in  the  hybridization  of  our  model  port-
folio. Five years ago we gave the green light for e-mobility in 
the  Group  through  the  decision  to  develop  the  Modular 
Electric Drive Toolkit (MEB). Now this is a core business. 
Last  year,  we  significantly  lowered  the  emissions  of  the 
Group’s  fleet  in  Europe  compared  with  the  previous  year.  In 
2021,  when  the  electric  campaign  is  well  underway  with 
models such as the ŠKODA Enyaq iV, we will meet the EU’s CO2 
fleet  targets  and  will  go  from  strength  to  strength  in  sub-
sequent years – until we can trade our excess carbon credits for 
a profit in the near future.  
We  continued  our  40-year  success  story  in  China,  primarily 
with a view to achieving zero-emission mobility. By increasing 
our stake in the Volkswagen (Anhui) joint venture to 75%, we 
are  accelerating  electrification  in  our  largest  market.  We 
announced our intention to become the largest shareholder in 
Chinese  battery  maker  Gotion  by  acquiring  26%  of  this 
company. These and other endeavors are helping us to expand 
our battery expertise at a global level.  
The  new  European  Green  Deal  will  increase  Volkswagen’s 
battery requirements in 2030. To achieve the political climate 
targets,  all-electric  vehicles  will  have  to  make  up  55%  of  our 
deliveries  in  Europe –  significantly  more  than  previously 
projected.  This  also  means  that  in  addition  to  our  battery 
manufacturing  facility  in  Salzgitter,  we  will  need  two  more 
battery plants in Europe. Volkswagen is prepared for this – and 
supports  the  Green  Deal  as  well  as  the  Paris  Climate  Agree-
ment. 
Our commercial vehicle division TRATON is planning to invest 
€1 billion in electrification by 2025. It is important to note that 
emissions can be reduced faster in freight transport and local 
public transport than in the car fleet – using only a fraction of 
the resources. The global champion strategy was advanced in 
2020: TRATON established an e-mobility joint venture in Japan 
and announced the acquisition of US manufacturer Navistar, 
while Scania launched its first production facility in China. The 
groundwork for enhanced efficiency in Germany is being laid 
at the same time: MAN started to increase its competitiveness 
through  restructuring  to  be  better  positioned  for  the  trans-
formation, because there will also be electric and self-driving 
trucks and buses. 
into  a  hospital.  In  Spain,  SEAT  manufactured  respiratory 
equipment. ŠKODA in the Czech Republic and Lamborghini in 
Italy  produced  surgical  masks  and  face  shields.  The  Group 
provided  €40 million  worth  of  relief  supplies,  sought  out 
producers in China and arranged transport to Europe.  
At  the  same  time,  we  were  able  to  ensure  safe  working 
conditions  in  production  with  a  100-point  plan,  maintain 
global  supply  chains,  and  safeguard  our  liquidity,  primarily 
through  targeted  warehouse  management.  Volkswagen 
showed  itself  to  be  robust  and  capable  of  excellent  perfor-
mance in a year that saw the biggest crisis in decades. As of the 
close  of  the  year,  the  Group  recorded  around  15%  fewer 
deliveries  year-on-year,  but  saw  its  global  market  share 
increase slightly. Operating profit before special items came to 
€10.6  billion  in  2020.  Net  liquidity  of  €26.8 billion  –  an 
increase  of  25.9%  year-on-year  –  underscores  the  Group’s 
outstanding solidity. 
I  am  very  proud  of  what  our  more  than  660,000  employees 
have achieved in these challenging times. While balancing the 
pandemic  and  our  transformation,  we  achieved  the  best 
sentiment  rating  in  the  annual  employee  survey.  We  have 
implemented positive changes in our corporate culture. This 
was also confirmed in September 2020 by the final report of 
the team of the US Monitorship, with which we worked for four 
years  on  improving  processes,  creating  more  transparency 
and reducing hierarchical thinking in the Group. I would like 
to sincerely thank our employees for their hard work. Thanks 
also to you, our shareholders, for your support.  
In 2021, following changes on the boards of management of 
our  brands  and  with  Murat  Aksel,  Arno  Antlitz  and  Thomas 
Schmall as new members of the Group Board of Management, 
we  are  starting  out  with  a  new,  powerful  team.  I  will  consis-
tently remain committed to securing a higher return from our 
traditional  business  and  concentrating  fully  on  software 
expertise.  There  is  a  lot  to  do  at  Volkswagen,  to  decide,  to 
change – for we will undergo more transformation in the next 
ten years than we did in the last fifty.   
The  transformation  to  a  climate-neutral,  software-driven 
mobility group will progress quickly in 2021. I look forward to 
your continued support on this journey! 
Sincerely, 
In  2020,  a  year  overshadowed  by  Covid-19,  many  of  our 
employees worked for the common good to help contain the 
pandemic. Volkswagen South Africa converted a former factory 
Herbert Diess  
