
--- Page 6 ---
4 
Letter to our Shareholders  
To our Shareholders
Letter to our Shareholders 
It is with deep concern that we are currently looking to Ukraine, 
to  the  people  there,  to  our  colleagues  and  our  European 
neighbors, who are suffering from the war. Since the start of the 
fighting, the Volkswagen Group and its brands have currently 
donated  a  total  of  more  than  5  million  euros  to  UNO-Flücht-
lingshilfe (the German partner of the UN Refugee Agency) and 
other aid organizations. At many of our sites, the workforce is 
supporting relief efforts, and many brands are providing cars 
for helpers in Eastern Europe. 
We cannot yet foresee the effects on the global economy. But it 
is already clear that a long war would harm not only Europe. 
The  international  community,  whose  prosperity  is  based  on 
free world trade and functioning supply chains, would be set 
back by decades. A return to diplomacy and conflict resolution 
based on international law are indispensable.  
The  success  of  the  Volkswagen  Group  with  its  120  sites 
worldwide  is  also  closely  intertwined  with  globalization.  In 
fiscal  year  2021,  the  Covid-19  pandemic  and  the  shortage  of 
semiconductors  repeatedly  led  to  production  stoppages  and 
supply bottlenecks throughout the entire automotive industry. 
As a result, we produced two million cars fewer than planned. 
The  fact  that  the  Group  was  nevertheless  able  to  double  its 
operating  profit  before  special  items  to  20  billion  euros 
compared to the previous year is due to our resilience and the 
strong  demand  for  our  vehicles,  both  in  the  conventional 
combustion  engine  business  and  increasingly  as  electric 
vehicles.  The  premium  group  with  its  brands  Audi,  Bentley, 
Lamborghini and Ducati contributed disproportionately more 
to the result. We are investing  the generated net cash flow of  
8.6  billion  euros  in  our  transformation  to  emission-free,  
autonomous mobility. We are proposing to our shareholders a 
dividend of 7.56 euros per preferred share and 7.50 euros per 
ordinary share for the 2021 fiscal year. 
The  success  of  Volkswagen  is  the  success  of  its  670,000 
employees around the globe. Also in 2021, they achieved a great 
deal.  The  semiconductor  task  force  found  solutions  to  short-
term  supply  bottlenecks  with  our  suppliers  and  the  semi-
conductor  manufacturers,  and  our  developers  brought  150 
technical alternatives into the cars to replace missing chips.   
We  also  achieved  a  great  deal  strategically  last  year.  Six  years 
ago,  we  made  the  decision  to  switch  our  portfolio  to  electric 
drives.  The  present  shows  that  this  was  the  right  decision.  In 
2021, we were market leader for electric vehicles in Europe with 
a market share of around 25% and were in second place in the 
USA with around 7.5%. This means that our market share for 
electric vehicles is already almost twice as high as for vehicles 
with  combustion engines. The American climate policy is giving 
us a tailwind: more than two thirds of all ID.4 buyers in the US 
are new to the Volkswagen brand. In China, we delivered 93,000 
electric  vehicles,  four  times  more  than  the  previous  year.  By 
2030, we will increase the global share of e-vehicles to 50%. The 
future of buses and trucks is also electric: TRATON will contin-
ually increase investments in the electrification. 
We have reached important milestones in our key markets: In 
the  US,  the  Volkswagen  brand  delivered  375,000  vehicles,  the 
best  result  since  2013.  After  years  of  losses,  the  Volkswagen 
brand  is  profitable  again  in  the  US,  as  well  as  in  Canada  and 
Mexico. We are hitting all the right buttons for the American 
market with our Atlas family of SUVs, the Taos, Tiguan and ID.4   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 

--- Page 7 ---
To our Shareholders 
Letter to our Shareholders
5
– these five SUV models account for approximately 70% of US 
sales. In 2021, the Volkswagen brand also turned the corner in 
South  America.  With  locally  developed  models  such  as  the 
Nivus and Taos, we have modernized our product portfolio in 
recent years, and managed to increase our market shares and 
return  to  profit  and  positive  net  cash  flow.  In  China,  we 
continue  to  be  very  profitable.  The  Volkswagen  brand  is  the 
market leader with a share of almost 12%. Porsche, Bentley and 
Lamborghini have achieved their best delivery results ever.  
With our NEW AUTO strategy, we have set the course to make 
our  Group  fit  for  the  future.  We  are  transforming  ourselves 
from an automobile manufacturer with fascinating brands and 
excellent  engineering  to  a  vertically  integrated  mobility 
company.  Battery  and  charging  will  become  our  core  compe-
tence  and  source  of  revenue.  By  founding  our  own  company 
under European law, we are bundling our battery activities and 
occupying all the stages of the value chain that are critical to 
success.  In  future,  third  parties  will  also  be  able  to  become 
involved in the company – we are not ruling out an IPO. 
In the world of NEW AUTO, mobility will be emission-free and 
autonomous, with a high degree of customer orientation and 
new  sources  of  revenue,  for  example  through  assistance 
systems or a broad range of entertainment services that can be 
booked on demand. 
Software  is  the  basis  for  this  –  our  software  unit  CARIAD  is 
building  up  the  necessary  competencies  here.  CARIAD  now 
employs around 5,000 experts. Thanks to the close cooperation 
between CARIAD and our brands, around 56,000 customers of 
our ID. models were able to update their vehicles over the air 
last  year.  To  accelerate  progress  in  autonomous  driving,  we 
have integrated Hella’s camera software division and are con-
tinuing  to  expand  strategic  partnerships  –  for  example 
between  CARIAD  and  Bosch  for  the  joint  development  of 
software.  
tinuing  to  gather  experience  in  Hamburg  with  MOIA  after  a 
pandemic-related break, with the aim of having autonomous 
shuttles driving through the Hanseatic city from 2025. To this 
end, we are already testing autonomous driving in Munich with 
the Volkswagen ID. Buzz and Argo AI. 
As  for  our  headquarters  in  Wolfsburg,  we  have  developed  a 
vision  for  2030  to  ensure  the  competitiveness  of  our  largest 
location.  We  are  going  to  build  a  new  factory  for  two  billion 
euros  with  faster  and  more  efficient  processes  to  produce  
a  competitive,  electric  and  Level  4-capable  car  from  2026  
–  Project  Trinity.  It  will  bring  autonomous  driving  to  the 
volume segment. We are investing 800 million euros in a new 
development center, the most modern in Germany. In addition, 
a leaner, more efficient headquarters will be created at the site, 
which will manage the Group worldwide. 
Despite many successes, 2021 was not an easy year for many 
employees.  I  am  therefore  pleased  that  we  achieved  the  best 
score ever in the annual employee opinion survey; this score 
has been rising continuously since 2018. Thank you very much 
for your trust. And I would also like to thank you, dear Share-
holders, for supporting our strategy. 
We are already seeing the dramatic consequences of the war in 
Ukraine.  The  effects  on  our  company  cannot  be  foreseen  at 
present. However, in 2021, as in 2020, Volkswagen has shown 
that  our  business  is  resilient  despite  acute  global  challenges 
and that we are able to handle crises better than in the past. At 
the same time, we will continue to consistently implement our 
NEW AUTO strategy in order to play a leading role in the future 
world of mobility.  
Sincerely, 
We are gradually expanding our range of mobility services. We 
have initiated the acquisition of Europcar to add rental services 
to  our  range.  For  the  operation  of  shuttle  fleets,  we  are  con- 
Herbert Diess 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
