Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Equity Capital — Risk-Weighted Assets” in Part II, Item 7 of the 2013 Form 10-K. 10 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Regulatory Leverage Ratios. The Revised Capital Framework increased the minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio applicable to us from 3% to 4% effective January 1, 2014. In addition, the Revised Capital Framework will introduce a new supplementary leverage ratio for Advanced approach banking organizations,
which compares Tier 1 capital (as defined under the Revised Capital Framework) to a measure of leverage exposure (defined as the sum of our assets less certain CET1 deductions plus certain off-balance-sheet exposures). The Revised Capital Framework requires a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of 3%, effective January 1, 2018, but with
disclosure required beginning in the first quarter of 2015. Liquidity
Ratios under Basel III. Historically, regulation and monitoring of bank and bank holding company liquidity has been addressed as a supervisory matter, both in the United States and
internationally, without required formulaic measures. Basel III will require banks and bank holding companies to measure their liquidity against two specific liquidity tests that, although similar in some respects to liquidity measures historically
applied by banks and regulators for management and supervisory purposes, will be mandated by regulation. One test, referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio, is designed to ensure that the entity maintains an adequate level of unencumbered
high-quality liquid assets under an acute liquidity stress scenario. The other, referred to as the net stable funding ratio, is designed to promote more medium- and long-term funding of the assets and activities of these entities over a one-year
time horizon. These requirements may incentivize banking entities to increase their holdings of securities that qualify as high-quality liquid assets and increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source. Under the Basel Committee’s
framework, the liquidity coverage ratio would be introduced on January 1, 2015; however there would be a phase-in period whereby firms would have a 60% minimum in 2015, which would be raised 10% per year until it reaches 100% in 2019.
The net stable funding ratio is not expected to be introduced as a requirement until January 1, 2018. In October 2013, the Agencies issued a proposal on minimum liquidity standards that is
generally consistent with the Basel Committee’s framework as described above, but with certain modifications to the high-quality liquid asset definition and expected cash outflow assumptions, and accelerated transition provisions. In addition,
under the proposed accelerated transition timeline, the liquidity coverage ratio would be introduced on January 1, 2015; however, there would be an accelerated U.S. phase-in period whereby firms would have an 80% minimum in 2015 which
would be raised 10% per year until it reaches 100% in 2017. While the principles behind the new frameworks proposed by
the Basel Committee and the Agencies are broadly consistent with our current liquidity management framework, it is possible that the refinement and implementation of these standards could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices. Stress Tests. In October 2012, the Federal Reserve Board issued final rules implementing the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act concerning the Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests to be conducted by the Federal Reserve Board and semi-annual company-run
stress tests for bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more. The stress test rules require increased involvement by boards of directors in stress testing and, since March 2013, public disclosure of the
results of both the Federal Reserve Board’s annual stress tests and a bank holding company’s annual supervisory stress tests, and semi-annual internal stress tests. Certain stress test requirements are also applicable to GS Bank USA, as
discussed below. We published a summary of our annual Dodd-Frank Act stress test results under the Federal Reserve
Board’s severely adverse scenario in March 2013. We submitted the results of our mid-cycle Dodd-Frank Act stress test to the Federal Reserve Board in July 2013 and we published a summary of our mid-cycle Dodd-Frank Act stress test
results under our internally developed severely adverse scenario in September 2013. Our internally developed severely adverse scenario is designed to stress the firm’s risks and idiosyncratic vulnerabilities and assess the firm’s
pro-forma capital position and ratios under the hypothetical stressed environment. We provide additional information on our annual and mid-cycle Dodd-Frank Act stress test results on our web site as described under “Available Information”
below. Our annual Dodd-Frank Act stress test submission is incorporated into the annual capital plans that we are required to submit to the Federal Reserve Board as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR). Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 11 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Payment of Dividends and Stock
Repurchases. Dividend payments by Group Inc. to its shareholders and stock repurchases by Group Inc. are subject to the oversight of the Federal Reserve Board. The dividend and share
repurchase policies of large bank holding companies, such as Group Inc., are reviewed by the Federal Reserve Board based on capital plans and stress tests submitted by the bank holding company, and will be assessed against, among other things, the
bank holding company’s ability to meet and exceed minimum regulatory capital ratios under stressed scenarios, its expected sources and uses of capital over the planning horizon (generally a period of two years) under baseline and stressed
scenarios, and any potential impact of changes to its business plan and activities on its capital adequacy and liquidity. The purpose of the capital plan review is to ensure that these institutions have robust, forward-looking capital planning
processes that account for each institution’s unique risks and that permit continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. As part of the capital plan review, the Federal Reserve Board will evaluate an institution’s
plan to make capital distributions, such as repurchasing or redeeming stock or increasing dividend payments, across a range of macro-economic and firm-specific assumptions. As part of our initial 2013 CCAR submission, the Federal Reserve Board informed us that it did not object to our proposed capital actions through the first quarter of 2014, including the repurchase of
outstanding common stock, an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, and the possible issuance, redemption and modification of other capital securities. As required by the Federal Reserve Board, we resubmitted our 2013 capital plan in
September 2013, incorporating certain enhancements to our stress testing process. In December 2013, the Federal Reserve Board informed us that it did not object to our resubmitted capital plan. We submitted our 2014 CCAR to the Federal
Reserve in January 2014 and expect to publish a summary of our annual Dodd-Frank Act stress test results in March 2014. Enhanced Prudential
Standards. In February 2014, the Federal Reserve Board adopted rules to implement certain of the enhanced prudential standards contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Act. Beginning
January 1, 2015, the rules require bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, including a buffer of highly liquid assets based on
projected funding needs for 30 days, and increased involvement by boards of directors in liquidity and overall risk management. The liquidity buffer is in addition to the Agencies’ proposal on minimum liquidity standards discussed above.
Although the rules are broadly consistent with our current liquidity and overall risk management frameworks, it is possible that the implementation of the rules could impact our liquidity, funding and risk management practices. Regulatory Proposals In addition
to the regulatory rule changes that have already been adopted (as discussed above), both the Federal Reserve Board and the Basel Committee have proposed other changes, which are discussed below. The full impact of these proposals on the firm will
not be known with certainty until after any resulting rules are finalized and market practices develop under the final rules. Furthermore, these proposals, the Dodd-Frank Act, other reform initiatives proposed and announced by the Agencies, the
Basel Committee, and other governmental entities and regulators (including the European Union (EU), the PRA and the FCA) are not in all cases consistent with one another, which adds further uncertainty to our future capital, leverage and liquidity
requirements, and those of our subsidiaries. 12 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Federal Reserve Board
Proposals. In December 2011, the Federal Reserve Board proposed rules to implement the enhanced prudential standards and early remediation requirements contemplated by the Dodd-Frank
Act. Although many of these proposals have now been addressed in final rules that are described above, the single-counterparty credit limits and early remediation requirements are still under consideration. The proposed single-counterparty credit
limits impose more stringent requirements for credit exposure among major financial institutions, which (together with other provisions incorporated into the Basel III capital rules) may affect our ability to transact or hedge with other financial
institutions. The proposed early remediation rules are modeled on the prompt corrective action regime, described below, but are designed to require action to begin in earlier stages of a company’s financial distress, based on a range of
triggers, including capital and leverage, stress test results, liquidity and risk management. Subsequent to the approval
of the Revised Capital Framework, the Agencies issued a proposal to increase the minimum supplementary leverage ratio requirement for the largest U.S. banks (those deemed to be global systemically important banking institutions (G-SIBs) under the
Basel G-SIB framework). These proposals would require us and other G-SIBs to meet a 5% supplementary leverage ratio (comprised of the current minimum requirement of 3% plus a 2% buffer). In addition, the Basel
Committee recently finalized revisions that would increase the size of the leverage exposure for purposes of the supplementary leverage ratio, but would retain a minimum supplementary leverage ratio requirement of 3%. It is not known with certainty
at this point whether the U.S. regulators will adopt this revised definition of leverage into their rules and proposals for the supplementary leverage ratio. Basel Committee Proposals. The Basel Committee has updated its methodology for assessing
the global systemic importance of banking institutions and determining the range of additional CET1 that should be maintained by those deemed to be G-SIBs. The required amount of additional CET1 for these institutions will initially range from 1% to
2.5% and could be higher in the future for a banking institution that increases its systemic footprint (e.g., by increasing total assets). In November 2013, the Financial Stability Board (established at the direction of the leaders of the Group
of 20) indicated that we would be required to hold an additional 1.5% of CET1 as a G-SIB, based on our 2012 financial data. The final determination of the amount of additional CET1 that we will be required to hold will initially be based on our 2013 financial data and the manner and
timing of the U.S. banking regulators’ implementation of the Basel Committee’s methodology. The Basel Committee indicated that G-SIBs will be required to meet the capital surcharges on a phased-in basis beginning in 2016 through 2019. The Basel Committee has also published its final guidelines for calculating incremental capital requirements for domestic
systemically important banking institutions (D-SIBs). These guidelines are complementary to the framework outlined above for G-SIBs, but are more principles-based in order to provide an appropriate degree of
national discretion. The impact of these guidelines on the regulatory capital requirements of GS Bank USA, GSI and other of our subsidiaries will depend on how they are implemented by the banking and non-banking regulators in the United States and
other jurisdictions. The Basel Committee has released other consultation papers that may result in further changes to
regulatory capital requirements, including a “Fundamental Review of the Trading Book” and “Revisions to the Basel Securitization Framework.” Resolution and Recovery Plans As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve
Board and FDIC have jointly issued a rule requiring each bank holding company with over $50 billion in assets and each designated systemically important financial institution to provide to regulators an annual plan for its rapid and orderly
resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure (resolution plan). Our resolution plan must, among other things, demonstrate that GS Bank USA is adequately protected from risks arising from our other entities. The regulators’
joint rule sets specific standards for the resolution plans, including requiring a detailed resolution strategy and analyses of the company’s material entities, organizational structure, interconnections and interdependencies, and management
information systems, among other elements. In April 2013, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC provided additional guidance to us relating to our 2013 resolution plan. Group Inc. submitted its 2013 resolution plan to its regulators in
September 2013. Group Inc. is also required to submit, on an annual basis, a global recovery plan to regulators that outlines the steps that management could take over time to reduce risk, raise liquidity, and conserve capital in times of
prolonged stress. We have been submitting yearly plans since 2010. Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Source of Strength Federal Reserve Board policy historically has required bank holding companies to act as a source of strength to their bank subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those
subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act codifies this policy as a statutory requirement. This support may be required by the Federal Reserve Board at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it. Capital loans by a bank holding company to a
subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In addition, if a bank holding company commits to a federal bank regulator that it will maintain the capital of its bank
subsidiary, whether in response to the Federal Reserve Board’s invoking its source-of-strength authority or in response to other regulatory measures, that commitment will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and the bank will be entitled to
priority payment in respect of that commitment, ahead of other creditors of the bank holding company. The BHC Act
provides for regulation of bank holding company activities by various functional regulators and prohibits the Federal Reserve Board from requiring a payment by a holding company subsidiary to a depository institution if the functional regulator of
that subsidiary objects to such payment. In such a case, the Federal Reserve Board could instead require the divestiture of the depository institution and impose operating restrictions pending the divestiture. Compensation Practices Our
compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve Board and, with respect to some of our subsidiaries and employees, by other financial regulatory bodies worldwide. The scope and content of compensation regulation in the
financial industry are continuing to develop, and we expect that these regulations and resulting market practices will evolve over a number of years. In June 2010, the Agencies jointly issued guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation arrangements at banking organizations take into account risk and are consistent with safe and sound
practices. The guidance sets forth the following three key principles with respect to incentive compensation arrangements: the arrangements should provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner
that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; the arrangements should be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and the arrangements should be supported by strong corporate governance. In
addition, the Federal Reserve Board has conducted a review of the incentive compensation policies and practices of a number of large, complex banking organizations, including us. The June 2010 guidance provides that
supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization’s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance also
provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization’s safety and soundness. The Financial Stability Board has released standards for implementing certain compensation principles for banks and other
financial companies designed to encourage sound compensation practices. These standards are to be implemented by local regulators. In Europe, the Fourth Capital Requirements Directive (CRD4) includes compensation provisions designed to implement the
Financial Stability Board’s compensation standards within the EU. These rules are being implemented by EU member states and, among other things, limit the ratio of variable to fixed compensation of certain employees identified as having a
material impact on the risk profile of EU-regulated entities, including GSI and certain other affiliates. These requirements are in addition to the guidance issued by U.S. financial regulators discussed above and the Dodd-Frank Act provision
discussed below. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the U.S. financial regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board, to establish
joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least $1 billion in total assets (which would include Group Inc. and some of its depository institution, broker-dealer
and investment advisor subsidiaries) that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits or that could lead to material financial loss to
the entity. In addition, these regulators must establish regulations or guidelines requiring enhanced disclosure to regulators of incentive-based compensation arrangements. The initial version of these regulations was proposed by the U.S. financial
regulators in early 2011 but the regulations have not yet been finalized. The proposed regulations incorporate the three key principles from the June 2010 regulatory guidance discussed above. If the regulations are adopted in the form initially
proposed, they may restrict our flexibility with respect to the manner in which we structure compensation. 14 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Regulation of GS Bank USA Our subsidiary, GS Bank USA, an FDIC-insured, New York State-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System, is supervised and regulated by the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the New York
State Department of Financial Services and the CFPB, and is subject to minimum capital requirements (described below) that are calculated in a manner similar to those applicable to bank holding companies. A number of our activities are conducted
partially or entirely through GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries, including: origination of bank loans; interest rate, credit, currency and other derivatives; leveraged finance; mortgage origination; structured finance; and agency lending. Under rules adopted by the Agencies in 2012 under the Dodd-Frank Act, GS Bank USA is required to undertake stress tests, to submit the
results to the Federal Reserve Board, and to make a summary of those results public. The rules require that the board of directors of GS Bank USA, among other things, consider the results of the stress tests in the normal course of the bank’s
business including, but not limited to, its capital planning, assessment of capital adequacy and risk management practices. The Dodd-Frank Act contains “derivative push-out” provisions that will prevent us from conducting certain swaps-related
activities through GS Bank USA, subject to exceptions for certain interest rate, currency and cleared credit default swaps and for hedging or risk mitigation activities directly related to the bank’s business. In July 2013, the Federal
Reserve Board granted GS Bank USA an extension through July 2015 to comply with these derivative push-out provisions. Precluded activities may be conducted elsewhere within the firm, subject to certain requirements and potential registration as
a swap or security-based swap dealer. In addition, New York State banking law imposes lending limits (which take into account
credit exposure from derivative transactions) and other requirements that could impact the manner and scope of GS Bank USA’s activities. Transactions with Affiliates. Transactions between GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates, on the other hand, are regulated by the Federal Reserve Board under the
Federal Reserve Act. The statute and the related regulations limit the types and amounts of transactions (including credit extensions from GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries to Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates) that may take place
and generally require those transactions to be on market terms or better to GS Bank USA. These regulations generally do not apply to transactions between GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expands the coverage and
scope of the regulations that limit affiliate transactions within a banking organization, including by applying these regulations to the credit exposure arising under derivative transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and
securities borrowing and lending transactions. Federal and state laws impose limitations on the payment of dividends by
our depository institution subsidiaries to Group Inc. In general, the amount of dividends that may be paid by GS Bank USA or our national bank trust company subsidiary is limited to the lesser of the amounts calculated under a “recent
earnings” test and an “undivided profits” test. Under the recent earnings test, a dividend may not be paid if the total of all dividends declared by the entity in any calendar year is in excess of the current year’s net income
combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years, unless the entity obtains prior regulatory approval. Under the undivided profits test, a dividend may not be paid in excess of the entity’s “undivided profits”
(generally, accumulated net profits that have not been paid out as dividends or transferred to surplus). The banking regulators have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a
dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Deposit Insurance. GS Bank USA accepts deposits, and those deposits have the benefit of FDIC insurance up to the applicable limits. The FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund is funded by assessments on insured depository
institutions, such as GS Bank USA. The amounts of these assessments for larger depository institutions (generally those that have $10 billion in assets or more), such as GS Bank USA, are currently based on the average total consolidated assets
less the average tangible equity of the insured depository institution during the assessment period, the supervisory ratings of the insured depository institution and specified forward-looking financial measures used to calculate the assessment
rate. The assessment rate is subject to adjustment by the FDIC. Prompt
Corrective Action and Capital Ratios. The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA), among other things, requires the federal banking agencies to take
“prompt corrective action” in respect of depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized,
undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution is generally
deemed to be “well-capitalized,” the highest category, if it has a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6%, a Total capital ratio of at least 10% and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5%. GS Bank USA has agreed with the Federal
Reserve Board to maintain minimum capital ratios in excess of these “well-capitalized” levels. Under the Revised Capital Framework, as of January 1, 2014, GS Bank USA became subject to a new minimum CET1 ratio requirement of 4%,
increasing to 4.5% in 2015. In addition, the Revised Capital Framework changes the standards for “well-capitalized” status under prompt corrective action regulations beginning January 1, 2015 by, among other things, introducing a
CET1 ratio requirement of 6.5% and increasing the Tier 1 capital ratio requirement from 6% to 8%. In addition, commencing, January 1, 2018, Advanced approach banking organizations, such as GS Bank USA, must have a supplementary
leverage ratio of 3% or greater. Shortly after the approval of the Revised Capital Framework, in July 2013, the Agencies issued a proposal that would also require that U.S. insured depository institution subsidiaries of U.S. G-SIBs, such as GS
Bank USA, meet a “well-capitalized” supplementary leverage ratio requirement of 6%, which would be effective beginning January 1, 2018 if the proposal is enacted as proposed. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2013 Form 10-K for information on GS
Bank USA’s regulatory capital ratios. GS Bank USA computes its risk-based capital ratios in accordance with the regulatory
capital requirements applicable to state member banks, which are based on the Federal Reserve Board’s risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies. As of December 2013, these capital requirements were based on the
Basel I Capital Accord of the Basel Committee, and also reflected the revised market risk regulatory capital requirements as implemented by the Federal Reserve Board, which became effective on January 1, 2013. The Revised Capital Framework is also applicable to GS Bank USA, which is an Advanced approach banking organization under this framework.
GS Bank USA has also been informed by the Federal Reserve Board that it has completed a satisfactory parallel run, as required of Advanced approach banking organizations under the Revised Capital Framework, and therefore changes to its calculations
of RWAs will take effect beginning with the second quarter of 2014. An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a
capital category that is lower than is indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively
more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately,
critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator, as described under “— Insolvency of an Insured Depository Institution or a Bank Holding Company” below. The prompt corrective action regulations apply only to depository institutions and not to bank holding companies such as Group Inc.
However, the Federal Reserve Board is authorized to take appropriate action at the holding company level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the holding company’s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances relating to an
undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the bank holding company would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary’s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to
fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the holding company, the guarantee would take priority over the holding company’s general unsecured creditors, as described under “— Source of
Strength” above. 16 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Insolvency of an Insured Depository Institution or a Bank Holding Company Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950, if the FDIC is appointed as conservator or receiver for an insured depository institution
such as GS Bank USA, upon its insolvency or in certain other events, the FDIC has broad powers, including the power: Ÿ to transfer any of the depository institution’s assets and liabilities to a new obligor, including a newly formed “bridge” bank,
without the approval of the depository institution’s creditors; Ÿ to enforce the terms of the depository institution’s contracts pursuant to their terms without regard to any provisions triggered by the
appointment of the FDIC in that capacity; or Ÿ to repudiate or disaffirm any contract or lease to which the depository institution is a party, the performance of which is determined by the FDIC
to be burdensome and the disaffirmance or repudiation of which is determined by the FDIC to promote the orderly administration of the depository institution. In addition, under federal law, the claims of holders of domestic deposit liabilities and certain claims for administrative expenses against an insured depository institution would be afforded a priority
over other general unsecured claims, including deposits at non-U.S. branches, against such an institution, including claims of debt holders of the institution, in the “liquidation or other resolution” of such an institution by any
receiver. As a result, whether or not the FDIC ever sought to repudiate any debt obligations of GS Bank USA, the debt holders (other than depositors) would be treated differently from, and could receive, if anything, substantially less than, the
depositors of GS Bank USA. The Dodd-Frank Act created a new resolution regime (known as “orderly liquidation
authority”) for bank holding companies and their affiliates, and systemically important non-bank financial companies. Under the orderly liquidation authority, the FDIC may be appointed as receiver for the systemically important institution, and
its failed non-bank subsidiaries, for purposes of liquidating the entity if, among other conditions, it is determined at the time of the institution’s failure that it is in default or in danger of default and the failure poses a risk to the
stability of the U.S. financial system. If the FDIC is appointed as receiver under the orderly liquidation authority, then the
powers of the receiver, and the rights and obligations of creditors and other parties who have dealt with the institution, would be determined under the orderly liquidation authority, and not under the insolvency law that would otherwise apply. The
powers of the receiver under the orderly liquidation authority were generally based on the powers of the FDIC as receiver for depository institutions under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Substantial differences in the rights of creditors exist
between the orderly liquidation authority and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, the use of an administrative
claims procedure to determine creditors’ claims (as opposed to the judicial procedure utilized in bankruptcy proceedings), and the right of the FDIC to transfer claims to a “bridge” entity. In addition, the orderly liquidation
authority limits the ability of creditors to enforce certain contractual cross-defaults against affiliates of the institution in receivership. The orderly liquidation authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act became effective upon enactment. The FDIC has completed several rulemakings under the orderly liquidation authority, but may provide
additional guidance. New guidance may affect the manner in which the new authority is applied, particularly with respect to broker-dealer and futures commission merchant subsidiaries of bank holding companies. The FDIC issued a notice in
December 2013 describing some elements of its “single point of entry” or “SPOE” strategy pursuant to the orderly liquidation authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, under which the FDIC would, among other things, resolve
a failed financial holding company by transferring its assets to a “bridge” holding company. Resolution Plan The FDIC issued a rule requiring each insured depository institution with $50 billion or more in assets, such as GS Bank USA, to
provide a resolution plan. Similar to our resolution plan for Group Inc., our resolution plan for GS Bank USA must, among other things, demonstrate that it is adequately protected from risks arising from our other entities. GS Bank USA submitted its
2013 resolution plan to its regulators in September 2013. Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 17 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Broker-Dealer and Securities Regulation Goldman Sachs’ broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including
sales methods, trade practices, use and safekeeping of clients’ funds and securities, capital structure, recordkeeping, the financing of clients’ purchases, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. In the United States, the
SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws. GS&Co. is registered as a broker-dealer, a municipal advisor and an investment adviser with the SEC and as a broker-dealer in all 50 states and the
District of Columbia. Self-regulatory organizations, such as FINRA and the NYSE, adopt rules that apply to, and examine, broker-dealers such as GS&Co. In addition, state securities and other regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over GS&Co. Similarly, our businesses are also subject to regulation by various non-U.S. governmental and
regulatory bodies and self-regulatory authorities in virtually all countries where we have offices, as discussed further under “Other Regulation” below. GSEC and one of its subsidiaries are registered U.S. broker-dealers and are regulated
by the SEC, the NYSE and FINRA. For a discussion of net capital requirements applicable to GS&Co. and GSEC, see Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2013 Form 10-K. Our exchange-based market-making activities are subject to extensive regulation by a number of securities exchanges. As a Designated
Market Maker (DMM) on the NYSE and as a market maker on other exchanges, we are required to maintain orderly markets in the securities to which we are assigned. Under the NYSE’s DMM rules, this may require us to supply liquidity to these
markets when markets are declining. The Dodd-Frank Act will result in additional regulation by the SEC, the CFTC and
other regulators of our broker-dealer and regulated subsidiaries in a number of respects. The legislation calls for the imposition of expanded standards of care by market participants in dealing with clients and customers, including by providing the
SEC with authority to adopt rules establishing fiduciary duties for broker-dealers and directing the SEC to examine and improve sales practices and disclosure by broker-dealers and investment advisers. Our broker-dealer and other subsidiaries will also be affected by rules to be adopted by
federal agencies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that require any person who organizes or initiates an asset-backed security transaction to retain a portion (generally, at least five percent) of any credit risk that the person conveys to a third
party. Securitizations will also be affected by rules proposed by the SEC in September 2011 to implement the Dodd-Frank Act’s prohibition against securitization participants’ engaging in any transaction that would involve or result in
any material conflict of interest with an investor in a securitization transaction. The proposed rules would exempt bona fide market-making activities and risk-mitigating hedging activities in connection with securitization activities from the
general prohibition. The SEC, FINRA and regulators in various non-U.S. jurisdictions have imposed both conduct-based and
disclosure-based requirements with respect to research reports and research analysts and may impose additional regulations. Swaps, Derivatives
and Commodities Regulation The commodity futures, commodity options and swaps industry in the United States is subject to
regulation under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act. The CFTC is the federal agency charged with the administration of the CEA. In addition, the SEC is the federal agency charged with the regulation of security-based swaps. Several of Goldman
Sachs’ subsidiaries, including GS&Co. and GSEC, are registered with the CFTC and act as futures commission merchants, commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors or (as discussed below) swap dealers, and are subject to CFTC
regulations. The rules and regulations of various self-regulatory organizations, such as the Chicago Board of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, other futures exchanges and the National Futures Association, also govern the commodity futures,
commodity options and swaps activities of these entities. In addition, Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P. (GSFM) is registered with the SEC as an OTC derivatives dealer and conducts certain OTC derivatives activities. 18 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The Dodd-Frank Act provides for significantly increased regulation of and restrictions on
derivative markets and transactions. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act imposes the following requirements relating to swaps and security-based swaps: Ÿ real-time public and regulatory reporting of trade information for swaps and security-based swaps and large trader reporting for swaps; Ÿ registration of swap dealers and major swap participants with the CFTC and of security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants
with the SEC; Ÿ position limits that cap exposure to derivatives on certain physical commodities; Ÿ mandated clearing through central counterparties and execution through regulated exchanges or electronic facilities for certain swaps and
security-based swaps; Ÿ new business conduct standards and other requirements for swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers and major
security-based swap participants, covering their relationships with counterparties, internal oversight and compliance structures, conflict of interest rules, internal information barriers, general and trade-specific record-keeping and risk
management; Ÿ margin requirements for trades that are not cleared through a central counterparty; and Ÿ entity-level capital requirements for swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers, and major security-based swap
participants. The terms “swaps” and “security-based swaps” are generally defined broadly
for purposes of these requirements, and can include a wide variety of derivative instruments in addition to those conventionally called swaps. The definition includes certain forward contracts, options, certain loan participations and guarantees of
swaps, subject to certain exceptions, and relates to a wide variety of underlying assets or obligations, including currencies, commodities, interest or other monetary rates, yields, indices, securities, credit events, loans and other financial
obligations. The CFTC is responsible for issuing rules relating to swaps, swap dealers and major swap
participants, and the SEC is responsible for issuing rules relating to security-based swaps, security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants. Although the CFTC has not yet finalized its margin requirements or capital
regulations, certain of the requirements, including registration of swap dealers, business conduct standards and real-time public trade reporting, have taken effect already under CFTC rules, and the SEC and the CFTC have finalized the definitions of
a number of key terms. In addition, the CFTC has implemented rules requiring the mandatory clearing of certain credit default swaps and interest rate swaps between dealers, and between swap dealers and non-dealer financial entities. Finally, the
CFTC has commenced making determinations regarding which swaps must be traded on swap execution facilities or exchanges, and certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps are now subject to these trade-execution requirements. The CFTC is
expected to continue to make such determinations during 2014. The SEC has proposed rules to impose margin, capital and
segregation requirements for security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants. The SEC has also proposed rules relating to registration of security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants, trade reporting
and real-time reporting, and business conduct requirements for security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants, and has proposed rules and guidance on the cross-border regulation of security-based swaps. The SEC has proposed,
but not yet finalized, rules that would govern the design of new trading venues for security-based swaps and establish the process for determining which products must be traded on these venues. We have registered certain subsidiaries as “swap dealers” under the CFTC rules, including GS&Co., GS Bank USA, GSI and J.
Aron & Company. We expect that these entities, and our businesses more broadly, will be subject to significant and developing regulation and regulatory oversight in connection with swap-related activities. Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 19 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Similar regulations have been proposed or adopted in jurisdictions outside the United
States, including the introduction of standardized execution and clearing, margining and reporting requirements for OTC derivatives. For instance, the EU has established a set of new regulatory requirements for EU derivatives activities under the
European Market Infrastructure Regulation. These requirements include various risk management requirements that have already become effective and regulatory reporting and clearing requirements that are expected to start becoming effective
in 2014. The full application of new derivatives rules across different national and regulatory jurisdictions has not yet
been fully established. In July 2013, the CFTC finalized guidance and timing on the cross-border regulation of swaps and announced that it had reached an understanding with the European Commission regarding the cross-border regulation of
derivatives and the common goals underlying their respective regulations. However, specific determinations of the extent to which regulators in each of the relevant jurisdictions will defer to regulations in other jurisdictions have not yet been
completed. The full impact of the various U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory developments in this area will not be known with certainty until all the rules are finalized and implemented and market practices and structures develop under the final rules. J. Aron & Company is authorized by the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to sell wholesale physical
power at market-based rates. As a FERC-authorized power marketer, J. Aron & Company is subject to regulation under the U.S. Federal Power Act and FERC regulations and to the oversight of FERC. As a result of our investing activities, Group
Inc. is also an “exempt holding company” under the U.S. Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and applicable FERC rules. In addition, as a result of our power-related and commodities activities, we are subject to energy, environmental and other governmental laws and regulations, as discussed under “Risk
Factors — Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation, potential catastrophic events and environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant
liabilities and costs” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2013 Form 10-K. Investment Management Regulation Our investment management business is subject to significant regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding of client assets, offerings of funds,
marketing activities, transactions among affiliates and our management of client funds. Certain of our subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers. In June 2013, the SEC proposed amendments to
the rules governing the regulation of money market funds, which included two alternatives that could be adopted separately or in a combined manner: a floating net asset value and/or restrictions on redemptions. The full impact of the amendments on
us will not be known with certainty until the amendments are finalized and market practices and structures develop under the amended rules. Other
Regulation The U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies, regulatory bodies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as
state securities commissions and other state regulators in the United States, are empowered to conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fine, the issuance of cease and desist orders, or the suspension or expulsion of a
regulated entity or its directors, officers or employees. In addition, a number of our other activities require us to obtain licenses, adhere to applicable regulations and be subject to the oversight of various regulators in the jurisdictions in
which we conduct these activities. Regulatory oversight has been increasing, as well as the level of fines and penalties imposed by regulatory agencies. Our subsidiaries are subject to various and numerous requests for information, investigations
and proceedings, and sanctions have been imposed for infractions of various regulations relating to our activities. In Europe,
Goldman Sachs provides investment services that are subject to oversight by national regulators as well as the EU. These investment services are regulated in accordance with national laws, many of which implement EU directives, and increasingly by
directly applicable EU regulations. These national and EU laws require, among other things, compliance with certain capital adequacy standards, customer protection requirements and market conduct and trade reporting rules. Goldman Sachs provides investment services in and from the United Kingdom under the regulation of the PRA and the FCA. GSI, our regulated
U.K. broker-dealer subsidiary, is subject to the capital requirements imposed by the PRA. Other subsidiaries, including Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB), our regulated U.K. bank, are also regulated by the PRA and the FCA. As of
December 2013, GSI and GSIB were in compliance with the PRA capital requirements. 20 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Various other Goldman Sachs entities are regulated by the banking and securities regulatory
authorities of the European countries in which they operate, including, among others, the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) and the Bundesbank in Germany, the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel and the Autorité des
Marchés Financiers in France, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. In November 2014, a new Single Supervisory Mechanism will become effective, under which the European Central
Bank and national supervisors will both have certain regulatory responsibilities for banks in participating EU member states. While the U.K. does not participate in this new mechanism, it will affect how the firm’s banks in Germany and France
are regulated and supervised. The EU and national financial legislators and regulators have proposed or adopted numerous
market reforms that may impact our businesses. These include stricter capital and liquidity requirements, including recently finalized legislation to implement Basel III capital requirements for certain of our EU subsidiaries (such as GSI). These
market reforms also include rules on the recovery and resolution of EU institutions, rules on the separation of certain trading activities from deposit taking, rules on the cross-border provision of services from countries outside the European
Economic Area, authorizations for regulators to impose position limits, requirements to execute certain transactions only on certain regulated venues, reporting requirements (including requirements to publish information about transactions),
restrictions on short selling and credit default swaps, additional obligations and restrictions on the management and marketing of funds in the EU, sanctions for regulatory breach and further revised organizational, market structure, conduct of
business and market abuse rules. In addition, the European Commission, the European Securities Market Authority and the European Banking Authority have announced or are formulating regulatory standards and other measures which will impact our
European operations. Certain Goldman Sachs entities are also regulated by the European securities, derivatives and commodities exchanges of which they are members. In February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transactions tax in response to a request from certain member states of the EU. The
proposed financial transactions tax is broad in scope and would apply to transactions in a wide variety of financial instruments and derivatives. The draft legislation is still subject to further revisions and the full impact of the proposal will
not be known with certainty until the legislation is finalized. Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL), our regulated Japanese broker-dealer, is subject to
the capital requirements imposed by Japan’s Financial Services Agency. As of December 2013, GSJCL was in compliance with its capital adequacy requirements. GSJCL is also regulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Osaka Securities Exchange,
the Tokyo Financial Exchange, the Japan Securities Dealers Association, the Tokyo Commodity Exchange, Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission, Bank of Japan, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, among
others. Also, the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the China Securities
Regulatory Commission, the Korean Financial Supervisory Service, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and the Australian Securities Exchange, among others,
regulate various of our subsidiaries and also have capital standards and other requirements comparable to the rules of the SEC. Various other Goldman Sachs entities are regulated by the banking and regulatory authorities in countries in which
Goldman Sachs operates, including, among others, Brazil and Dubai. The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), as amended by the USA
PATRIOT Act of 2001 (PATRIOT Act), contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and mandated the implementation of various regulations applicable to all financial institutions, including standards for verifying client
identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA and the PATRIOT Act seek to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in
terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities. Anti-money laundering laws outside the United States contain some similar provisions. Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 21 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. The obligation of financial institutions, including Goldman Sachs, to identify their
clients, to monitor for and report suspicious transactions, to monitor direct and indirect payments to government officials, to respond to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, and to share information with
other financial institutions, has required the implementation and maintenance of internal practices, procedures and controls that have increased, and may continue to increase, our costs, and any failure with respect to our programs in this area
could subject us to substantial liability and regulatory fines. As discussed above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to
regulatory capital requirements in jurisdictions throughout the world. Subsidiaries not subject to separate regulation may hold capital to satisfy local tax guidelines, rating agency requirements or internal policies, including policies concerning
the minimum amount of capital a subsidiary should hold based upon its underlying risk. Certain of our businesses are subject
to compliance with regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the EU or other jurisdictions and/or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others,
and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. Available Information Our internet address is www.gs.com and the investor relations section of our web site is located at www.gs.com/shareholders .
We make available free of charge through the investor relations section of our web site, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also
posted on our web site, and available in print upon request of any shareholder to our Investor Relations Department, are our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, charters for our Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Compensation Committee, and
Corporate Governance, Nominating and Public Responsibilities Committee, our Policy Regarding Director Independence Determinations, our Policy on Reporting of Concerns Regarding Accounting and Other Matters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and
our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our directors, officers and employees. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our web site any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to
any executive officer, director or senior financial officer. In addition, our web site includes information concerning: Ÿ purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors; Ÿ disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC’s Regulation G) that we may make public orally,
telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by similar means from time to time; Ÿ Dodd-Frank Act stress test results; and Ÿ the firm’s risk management practices and regulatory capital ratios, as required under the disclosure-related provisions of the Federal Reserve
Board’s market risk capital rules. Our Investor Relations Department can be contacted at The Goldman
Sachs Group, Inc., 200 West Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10282, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone: 212-902-0300, e-mail: gs-investor-relations@gs.com . 22 Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 We have included or incorporated by reference in the 2013 Form 10-K, and from time to
time our management may make, statements that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not
historical facts, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These statements include statements other than historical information or statements
of current condition and may relate to our future plans and objectives and results, among other things, and may also include statements about the effect of changes to the capital and leverage rules applicable to banks and bank holding companies, the
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our businesses and operations, and various legal proceedings or mortgage-related contingencies as set forth under “Legal Proceedings” and “Certain Mortgage-Related Contingencies” in Notes 27
and 18, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2013 Form 10-K, as well as statements about the results of our Dodd-Frank Act and firm stress tests, statements about the objectives and
effectiveness of our risk management and liquidity policies, statements about trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, statements about our future status, activities or reporting under U.S. or non-U.S. banking and financial regulation,
and statements about our investment banking transaction backlog. By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we
are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could
cause our actual results and financial condition to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, those discussed below and under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2013
Form 10-K. In the case of statements about our investment banking transaction backlog, such statements
are subject to the risk that the terms of these transactions may be modified or that they may not be completed at all; therefore, the net revenues, if any, that we actually earn from these transactions may differ, possibly materially, from those
currently expected. Important factors that could result in a modification of the terms of a transaction or a transaction not being completed include, in the case of underwriting transactions, a decline or continued weakness in general economic
conditions, outbreak of hostilities, volatility in the securities markets generally or an adverse development with respect to the issuer of the securities and, in the case of financial advisory transactions, a decline in the securities markets, an
inability to obtain adequate financing, an adverse development with respect to a party to the transaction or a failure to obtain a required regulatory approval. For a discussion of other important factors that could adversely affect our investment
banking transactions, see “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2013 Form 10-K. We have voluntarily provided in this filing information regarding the firm’s and GS Bank USA’s estimated capital ratios, including CET1 ratios under the Advanced and Standardized approaches on a
fully phased-in and transitional basis, Basel I Adjusted capital ratio and supplementary leverage ratio. The statements with respect to the estimated ratios are forward-looking statements, based on our current interpretation, expectations and
understandings of the Revised Capital Framework and related proposals to increase the minimum supplementary leverage ratio. The information regarding estimated ratios includes significant assumptions concerning the treatment of various assets and
liabilities and the manner in which the ratios are calculated under the Revised Capital Framework. As a result, the methods used to calculate these estimates may differ, possibly materially, from those used in calculating the estimates for any
future voluntary disclosures as well as those used when such ratios are required to be disclosed. The ultimate methods of calculating the ratios will depend on, among other things, the promulgation of final rules to increase the minimum
supplementary leverage ratio, supervisory approval of our internal models used under the Advanced approach for calculating CET1, implementation guidance from the Agencies and the development of market practices and standards. Goldman Sachs 2013 Form 10-K 23 Table of Contents THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES