Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates” and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development of new products, enhancements or technologies, sales levels, expense levels and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect our good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We incorporated in 1985 under the laws of the state of California. In 1991, we reincorporated in the state of Delaware. We operate and report using a 52-53 week fiscal year ending the last Sunday in September. Our 52-week fiscal years consist of four equal quarters of 13 weeks each, and our 53-week fiscal years consist of three 13-week fiscal quarters and one 14-week fiscal quarter. The financial results for our 53-week fiscal years and our 14-week fiscal quarters will not be exactly comparable to our 52-week fiscal years and our 13-week fiscal quarters. The fiscal years ended September 25, 2011 , September 26, 2010 and September 27, 2009 all included 52 weeks. Overview In 1989, we publicly introduced the concept that a digital communication technique called CDMA could be commercially successful in cellular wireless communication applications. CDMA stands for Code Division Multiple Access and is one of the main technologies currently used in digital wireless communications networks (also known as wireless networks). CDMA and TDMA (Time Division Multiple Access), of which Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) is the primary commercial form, are the primary digital technologies currently used to transmit a wireless device user’s voice or data over radio waves using a public cellular wireless network. Because we led, and continue to lead, the development and commercialization of CDMA technology, we own significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications and trade secrets, which applies to all versions of CDMA that we implement in our own products and portions of which we license to other companies. The wireless communications industry generally recognizes that a company seeking to develop, manufacture and/or sell products that use CDMA technology will require a patent license from us. We also continue our leading role in the development and commercialization of Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA)-based technologies for which we have substantial intellectual property. Our CDMA licensees’ sales of multimode CDMA and OFDMA devices are covered by their existing CDMA license agreements with us. We have begun to license companies to make and sell OFDMA products that do not also implement CDMA, and 13 companies (including LG, Nokia and Samsung) have royalty-bearing licenses under all or a portion of our patent portfolio for use in such OFDMA products. Our Revenues . We generate revenues by selling products and services, which include: • Integrated circuits (also known as chips or chipsets) and Radio Frequency (RF) and Power Management (PM) chips and system software used in mobile devices and in wireless networks; • Integrated circuits for use in wired devices, particularly broadband gateway equipment, desktop computers, televisions and Blu-ray players; • Software products and services for content enablement across a wide variety of platforms and devices for the wireless 1 industry; • Equipment, software and services used by companies, including those in the transportation industry and governments, to wirelessly connect with their assets and workforce; • Software products and services that enable mobile commerce services; and • Software and hardware development services. We also generate revenues by licensing portions of our intellectual property to manufacturers of wireless pro ducts, such as mobile devices, also known as subscriber units, which include handsets, other consumer devices (e.g., tablets, personal computers, e-readers), machine-to-machine devices (e.g., telematics devices, meter reading devices) and data modem cards, the infrastructure equipment required to establish and operate a network and network and test equipment. Our licensing revenues are comprised of fixed license fees (payable in one or more installments) and ongoing royalties on products sold by our licensees that incorporate our patented technologies. Our Integrated Circuits Business. We develop and supply integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA and other technologies for use in voice and data communications, networking, application processing, multimedia functions and global positioning system products. Our integrated circuit products and system software are sold to or licensed to manufacturers that use our products in wireless devices, particularly mobile phones, tablets, laptops, data modules, handheld wireless computers and gaming devices, access points and routers, data cards and infrastructure equipment, and in wired devices, particularly broadband gateway equipment, desktop computers, televisions and Blu-ray players. The Mobile Station Modem (MSM) integrated circuits, which include the Mobile Data Modem, Qualcomm Single Chip and Qualcomm Snapdragon devices, perform the core baseband modem functionality in wireless devices providing voice and data communications, as well as multimedia applications and global positioning functions. In addition, our Snapdragon enabled integrated circuits provide advanced application processing capabilities. Our system software enables the other device components to interface with the integrated circuit products and is the foundation software enabling manufacturers to develop devices utilizing the functionality within the integrated circuits. Our infrastructure equipment Cell Site Modem (CSM) integrated circuits and system software perform wireless standards-compliant processing of voice and data signals in the wireless operator’s base station equipment to and from wireless devices. Because of our experience in designing and developing CDMA- and OFDMA-based products, we not only design the baseband integrated circuit, but the supporting system as well, including the RF devices, PM devices and accompanying software products. This approach enables us to optimize the performance of the wireless device with improved product features and integration with the network system. We also provide support, including reference designs and tools, to enable our customers to reduce the time required to design their products and bring their products to market faster. We plan to add additional features and capabilities to our integrated circuit products to help our customers reduce the costs and size of their products, to simplify our customers’ design processes and to enable more wireless devices and services. Our Licensing Business. We grant licenses to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture and sale of certain wireless products, and collect fixed license fees and ongoing royalties in partial consideration for such licenses. Our Wireless Device Software and Related Services Business. We provide software products and services for the global wireless industry. Our Brew products and services enable wireless operators, device manufacturers and software developers to provide over-the-air and pre-loaded wireless applications and services. Our Plaza products and services enable wireless operators, device manufacturers and publishers to create and distribute mobile content across a variety of platforms and devices. We also offer Xiam wireless content discovery and recommendation products to help wireless operators improve usage and adoption of digital content and services and QChat, a push to talk product optimized for third generation (3G) networks. Our Asset Tracking and Services Business. We design, manufacture and sell equipment, license software and provide services to our customers to enable them to connect wirelessly with their assets, products and workforce. We offer satellite- and terrestrial-based two-way wireless connectivity and position location services to transportation and logistics fleets and other enterprise companies to enable our customers to track the location and monitor the performance of their assets, communicate with their personnel and collect data. Our Mobile Commerce Business . In fiscal 2011, we launched a new product application trademarked as SWAGG, which is marketed on a standalone basis directly to consumers. SWAGG’s core features include access to merchant loyalty accounts and gift card balances, purchase and gift of virtual stored-value gift cards and access to relevant and targeted offers from participating merchants. Our Display Business. We continue to develop display technology for the full range of consumer-targeted mobile products. Our interferometric modulator (IMOD) display technology, based on a MEMS structure combined with thin film optics and sold under the “mirasol” brand, is expected to provide performance, power consumption and cost benefits as compared to current display technologies. 2 Wireless Communications Industry Use of wireless telecommunications devices has increased dramatically in the past decade. According to Wireless Intelligence estimates as of October 31, 2011, the number of worldwide mobile connections is expected to reach approximately 6.1 billion by the end of 2011 and approximately 7.6 billion by 2015. Growth in the early days of wireless communications was driven by the need to make voice calls in a mobile environment. More recently, increases in demand are primarily driven by the desire to have access to data services in a mobile environment. This is evidenced by the continued transition from 2G (second generation) to 3G services and the emergence of 4G (fourth generation) services. According to Wireless Intelligence estimates as of October 31, 2011, the number of global 3G connections reached 1.5 billion and is expected to reach approximately 3.2 billion in 2015. There are several drivers for the growth in 3G: • Consumer awareness and desire for data services; • Mature 3G networks with high data rates; • Consumer demand for data-centric smartphone devices; • Emergence of new data devices; and • Growth in emerging regions. The last couple of years have witnessed a significant increase in the consumer’s awareness and willingness to use mobile data services. Applications such as email, access to the mobile Internet, downloading of videos and social networking are driving the demand for 3G services and more capable devices. According to the CDMA Development Group and the Global mobile Suppliers Association (GSA) in their October 2011 reports, approximately 752 wireless networks now support 3G, a sign that wireless operators are making network investments to address the growing demand for wireless data. Wireless operators are continuing to make network investments by upgrading their networks. According to the GSA, all of the global WCDMA operators have upgraded their networks to offer High Speed Packet Access (HSPA) services, and 36% of HSPA operators have launched HSPA+, an evolution of HSPA. With support for higher data rates and increased capacity, networks are expected to evolve to keep up with the growing demand for wireless data. The mobile Internet is helping increase demand for 3G smartphones as the ability to access data is simplified and enhanced when using a smartphone. In the early days of the smartphone, these devices were designed primarily for high-end business users. However, innovation and competition are helping to make available a broader set of devices that provide compelling user experiences at consumer acceptable price points, which make such devices more accessible by a larger portion of the subscriber base. The need to stay connected anywhere, anytime is helping drive demand for data connectivity on notebook and netbook computers with either embedded 3G connectivity or via an external 3G USB modem. New device categories, such as tablets and e-readers, have also emerged over the last couple of years. These new devices take advantage of the capabilities of 3G networks to download digital books, newspapers and magazines anywhere. Other emerging device categories, such as machine-to-machine communication (allowing both wireless and wired systems to communicate with other devices), gaming consoles and other consumer electronic devices, will help further drive global demand for 3G. Demand for wireless voice and data services in emerging regions is helping to increase global demand for 3G. 3G provides an efficient way for wireless operators to offer both voice and data services to address these demands, and since fixed broadband penetration is very low in these regions, 3G presents a cost effective means of providing broadband capabilities to consumers. According to Wireless Intelligence, 3G net additions in emerging regions are expected to surpass 2G net additions starting in the second calendar quarter of 2012. Wireless Technologies The significant growth in the use of wireless devices worldwide, such as smartphones and tablets, and demand for data services and applications requires constant innovation to further improve the user experience, expand capacity and enable dense deployments of low power nodes, such as picocells and femtocells. To meet these requirements, progressive generations of wireless communications technology standards have evolved. The wireless standards used for mobile communications within individual countries is generally determined by the telecommunication service providers operating in those countries and, in some instances, local government regulations. Such determinations are typically based on economic criteria and the service provider’s evaluation of each technology’s ability to provide the features and functionality required for its business plan. More than two decades ago, the European Community developed regulations requiring the use of the GSM standard, a TDMA-based, 2G technology. In addition, several versions of CDMA technology were adopted worldwide as public cellular standards. The first version, known as cdmaOne, is a 2G cellular technology that was first commercially deployed in the mid-1990s. The other 3 subsequent versions of CDMA are referred to as 3G technologies. Second Generation. Compared to first generation analog systems, 2G digital technology provided for significantly enhanced efficiency within a fixed spectrum, resulting in greatly increased voice capacity. 2G technologies also enabled numerous enhanced services, but data services were generally limited to low-speed transmission rates. The main 2G digital cellular technologies in use today are called cdmaOne or IS-95A/B, a technology largely developed and patented by us, and GSM, a form of TDMA. Many GSM operators deployed 2G mobile packet data technologies, such as General Packet Radio Service (GPRS) and Enhanced Data Rates for Global Evolution (EDGE) in areas serviced by GSM. According to Wireless Intelligence estimates as of October 31, 2011, there were approximately 4.4 billion worldwide 2G connections, approximately 74% of total wireless connections. Third Generation. As a result of demand for wireless networks that simultaneously carry both high-speed data and voice traffic, the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a standards setting organization, adopted the 3G standard known as IMT-2000, which encompasses six terrestrial operating radio interfaces, each of which incorporates our intellectual property. Two are TDMA-based, three are CDMA-based and the other is OFDMA-based. The three CDMA-based 3G technologies are known commonly throughout the wireless industry as: • CDMA2000, including 1X (including revisions A through E) and 1xEV-DO (EV-DO or Evolution Data Optimized) (including revisions A through C, developed by 3 rd Generation Partnership Project Two (3GPP2)); • Wideband CDMA (WCDMA), also known as Universal Mobile Telecommunications Systems (UMTS), including High Speed Packet Access (HSPA), part of 3 rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) Release 5 and 6, and HSPA+, part of 3GPP Release 7, 8, 9, 10 and beyond; and • CDMA Time Division Duplex (TDD), of which there are currently two versions, Time Division Duplex-CDMA (TD-CDMA) and Time Division-Synchronous CDMA (TD-SCDMA). Both are part of the specifications developed by 3GPP. According to Wireless Intelligence estimates as of October 31, 2011, there were approximately 1.5 billion worldwide 3G connections, approximately 25% of total wireless connections. Some of the advantages of 3G CDMA technology over 2G technologies include increased network capacity, improved user experience, compatibility with internet protocols, higher capacity for data and faster access to data (Internet) and higher data throughput rates. CDMA2000 and WCDMA are widely deployed today in wireless networks throughout the world. TD-SCDMA has been deployed in China. EV-DO Revision B in the CDMA2000 family was launched in 2010; Release 7 of HSPA+ was launched in 2009; and Release 8 of HSPA+ was launched in 2010. The various revisions of the 3G CDMA specifications have significantly increased performance capacity and data speeds. It is expected that future revisions of the 3G CDMA specifications will provide further enhancements. CDMA2000 (1X, 1xEV-DO, EV-DO Revision A/B) networks are deployed by wireless operators that support both voice and a wide range of high-speed wireless data services. Enhancements based upon CDMA2000 Revision E Standard, called 1X Advanced, will further increase voice capacity of CDMA2000 1X networks. The standardization for these enhancements is complete and deployments are being planned. Another set of enhancements based upon 1xEV-DO Revision C, sometimes called DO Advanced, improve the performance of 1xEV-DO Revision A/B networks. The standardization for these enhancements is also complete, and deployments are being planned. Enhancements based upon these updated standards and improved implementations have been and will continue to be deployed in our products and wireless networks to increase capacity and data rates. GSM operators around the world, including those in the European Community and in the United States, have focused primarily on the UMTS Frequency Division Duplex (FDD) radio interface of the IMT-2000 standard, known as WCDMA, for their network evolution. WCDMA is based on our CDMA technology and incorporates many of our patented inventions (as do all of the CDMA and OFDMA radio interfaces of the IMT-2000 standard). The majority of the world’s wireless device and infrastructure manufacturers (more than 125 and including all leading suppliers) have licensed our technology for use in WCDMA products, enabling them to utilize this WCDMA mode of the 3G technology. To enable GSM operators to deploy WCDMA in the 900MHz spectrum band, the European Union permitted IMT-2000 technologies, which include WCDMA, to be deployed in the lower frequency 900 MHz band. This is called UMTS900. The three ITU 3G CDMA radio interfaces are all based on the core principles of CDMA technology, and our intellectual property rights include a valuable patent portfolio essential to implementation of each of the 3G CDMA standards. In addition, our patent portfolio enables commercially successful product implementations. Generally, we have licensed substantially all of our relevant patents to our CDMA subscriber and infrastructure equipment licensees. These 3G CDMA versions (CDMA2000, WCDMA and TD-SCDMA) require separate implementations that are not interchangeable. While the fundamental core technologies are derived from CDMA and, in addition to other features and functionality, are covered by our patents, their specifications each require unique infrastructure products, network design, air interface protocols and management. However, subscriber roaming amongst systems using different air interfaces is made 4 possible through multimode wireless subscriber devices. Fourth Generation. Release 10 of 3GPP’s Long Term Evolution (LTE), the predominant global OFDM technology, and 802.16m, an upgrade of IEEE 802.16e (WiMAX or Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access), have both been approved by the ITU to become what are called IMT-Advanced technologies, which used to be the commonly used criteria for a wireless technology to be called 4G. However, there is no uniform industry agreement on the 4G definition; 4G is now broadly used to include OFDMA technologies that are part of the IMT-2000 standard and has also been used in marketing campaigns by certain carriers for the 3G WCDMA evolution to HSPA+. Since LTE typically will be overlaid over existing 3G networks, seamless interoperability with 3G (both HSPA and CDMA 2000) has been standardized by 3GPP and 3GPP2. According to the GSA, 35 commercial LTE networks have been launched as of October 2011. WiMAX was deployed ahead of LTE and targeted unpaired spectrum using a TDD radio interface. LTE supports both paired spectrum, using LTE FDD, and unpaired spectrum, using LTE TDD, and is able to address many of the unpaired spectrum bands targeted by WiMAX. Compared to WiMAX, LTE is expected to achieve greater economy of scale through its interoperability with 3G. Certain wireless operators have selected WiMAX because of regulatory considerations specific to their networks and spectrum holdings. The evolved OFDMA technologies will support additional features, wider bandwidths of up to 100 MHz, and higher data rates than the previous versions. HSPA+ continues to evolve in parallel to LTE and other OFDMA technologies, spanning from Release 8 to Release 11 and beyond. HSPA+ Release 8 introduces multicarrier operation, which aggregates multiple channels to offer wider bandwidths, supporting 10 MHz of bandwidth in Release 8 to up to 40 MHz in Release 11. For over ten years, we have pursued research and development of OFDMA-based wireless communication technologies, and, as a result, have developed and acquired significant related intellectual property. Accordingly, we believe that each of the OFDMA-based 4G standards incorporates our patented technologies. We have 13 companies (including LG, Nokia and Samsung) with royalty-bearing licenses under our patent portfolio for use in OFDMA products that do not also implement CDMA-based standards. Multimode products that implement both OFDMA and CDMA technologies will, in most cases, be licensed under our existing CDMA license agreements. Our Engineering Resources. We have significant engineering resources, including engineers with substantial expertise in CDMA, OFDMA and a broad range of other technologies. Using these engineering resources, we expect to continue to develop new versions of CDMA, OFDMA and other technologies, develop alternative technologies for certain specialized applications,  participate in the formulation of new voice and data communication standards and technologies and assist in deploying digital voice and data communications networks around the world. Investments in New and Existing Products, Services and Technologies. We continue to invest in research and development in a variety of ways in an effort to extend the demand for our products and services. We develop, commercialize and actively support 3G CDMA-based technologies as well as the OFDMA-based LTE technology, products and network operations to grow our royalty revenues and integrated circuit and software revenues. From time to time, we may also make acquisitions to meet certain technology needs, to obtain development resources or to pursue new business opportunities. We develop on our own, and with our partners, innovations that are integrated into our product portfolio to further expand the opportunity for wireless and enhance the value of our products and services. These innovations are expected to enable our customers to improve the performance or value of their existing services, offer these services more affordably and introduce revenue-generating broadband data services ahead of their competition. We make investments to provide our integrated circuit customers with chipsets that combine multiple technologies for use in consumer devices, including smartphones, consumer electronics and other data devices. In addition to 3G and LTE technologies, our chipsets support other wireless and wired connectivity technologies including Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN), Bluetooth, Ethernet, Global Positioning System (GPS), Global Navigation Satellite System (GLONASS), Powerline Communication and Passive Optical Networking. Our integrated chipsets often include multiple technologies, including advanced multimode modems, application processors and graphics engines, as well as the tools to connect these diverse pieces of technology. We continue to support multiple mobile client software environments in our chipsets, such as Brew Mobile Platform, Blackberry 7, QNX, Java, Windows Phone, Windows 8, Linux, Android and Google Chrome. We continue to develop our IMOD display technology based on a micro-electro-mechanical-systems (MEMS) structure combined with thin film optics and sell such displays under the “mirasol” brand. Early-stage mirasol displays have been incorporated in a limited number of consumer devices. IMOD display technologies may be included in the full range of consumer-targeted mobile products and are expected to provide performance, power consumption and cost benefits as compared to current display technologies. In June 2009, we commenced operations of a dedicated IMOD display fabrication plant in Taiwan, and in fiscal 2011, we began construction of a new manufacturing facility in Taiwan that is expected to be operational in fiscal 2012. We make strategic investments that we believe open new opportunities for our technology, support the design and 5 introduction of new products and services and/or possess unique capabilities or technology. To the extent that such investments become liquid and meet our strategic objectives, we intend to make regular periodic sales of our interests in these investments that are recognized in investment income. Operating Segments Consolidated revenues from international customers and licensees as a percentage of total revenues were 94%, 95% and 94% in fiscal 2011 , 2010 and 2009 , respectively. During fiscal 2011 , 32%, 19%, 17% and 8% of our revenues were from customers and licensees based in China, South Korea, Taiwan and Japan, respectively, as compared to 29%, 27%, 12% and 9% during fiscal 2010 , respectively, and 23%, 35%, 8% and 11% during fiscal 2009 , respectively. Revenues from Samsung Electronics constituted a significant portion (more than 10%) of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2011 , 2010 and 2009 , and revenues from HTC also constituted a significant portion (more than 10%) of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2011 . Qualcomm CDMA Technologies Segment (QCT). QCT is a leading developer and supplier of integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA and other technologies for use in voice and data communications, networking, application processing, multimedia functions and global positioning system products. QCT’s integrated circuit products and system software are sold to or licensed to manufacturers that use our products in wireless devices, particularly mobile phones, tablets, laptops, data modules, handheld wireless computers and gaming devices, access points and routers, data cards and infrastructure equipment, and in wired devices, particularly broadband gateway equipment, desktop computers, televisions and Blu-ray players. The MSM integrated circuits, which include the Mobile Data Modem, Qualcomm Single Chip and Qualcomm Snapdragon devices, perform the core baseband modem functionality in wireless devices providing voice and data communications, as well as multimedia applications and global positioning functions. In addition, our Snapdragon enabled integrated circuits provide advanced application processing capabilities. QCT’s system software enables the other device components to interface with the integrated circuit products and is the foundation software enabling manufacturers to develop devices utilizing the functionality within the integrated circuits. In fiscal 2011 , QCT shipped approximately 483 million MSM integrated circuits for wireless devices worldwide as compared to approximately 399 million and 317 million in fiscal 2010 and 2009 , respectively. QCT revenues comprised 59%, 61% and 59% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2011 , 2010 and 2009 , respectively. QCT utilizes a fabless production business model, which means that we do not own or operate foundries for the production of silicon wafers from which our integrated circuits are made. Integrated circuits are die, cut from silicon wafers, that have been assembled into packages or modules and have completed the final test manufacturing processes. Die cut from silicon wafers are the essential components of all of our integrated circuits and a significant portion of the total integrated circuit cost. We employ both turnkey and two-stage manufacturing business models to purchase our integrated circuits. Turnkey is when our foundry suppliers are responsible for delivering fully assembled and tested integrated circuits. Under the two-stage manufacturing business model, we purchase wafers and die from semiconductor manufacturing foundries and contract with separate third-party manufacturers for probe, assembly and final test services. We refer to this two-stage manufacturing business model as Integrated Fabless Manufacturing (IFM). We rely on independent third-party suppliers to perform the manufacturing and assembly, and most of the testing, of our integrated circuits based primarily on our proprietary designs and test programs. Our suppliers are also responsible for the procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our integrated circuits. The primary foundry suppliers for our various digital, analog/mixed-signal, RF and PM integrated circuits are Freescale Semiconductor, Globalfoundries, IBM, Samsung Electronics, Semiconductor Manufacturing International, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, Tower Semiconductor and United Microelectronics. The primary semiconductor assembly and test suppliers under our IFM model are Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Amkor Technology, Siliconware Precision Industries and STATSChipPAC. The majority of our foundry and subcontract assembly and test suppliers are located in the Asia-Pacific region. QCT offers a broad portfolio of products, including both wireless device and infrastructure integrated circuits, in support of CDMA2000 1X and 1xEV-DO, as well as the EV-DO Revision A/B evolutions of CDMA 2000 technology. Leveraging our expertise in CDMA, we also developed and offer integrated circuits supporting the WCDMA version of 3G for manufacturers of wireless devices. More than 70 device manufacturers have selected our WCDMA products that support GSM/GPRS, WCDMA, HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access), HSUPA (High-Speed Uplink Packet Access) and HSPA+ for their devices. QCT also sells multimode products for the LTE standard, which offer seamless backward compatibility to existing 3G technologies. Our integrated circuit products span a broad range of products, from entry-level products for emerging regions up to very high-end devices. Our chipsets integrate unique combinations of features, such as multi-megapixel cameras, videotelephony, streaming multimedia, audio, 3D graphics, advanced position-location capabilities through integrated gpsOne technology and peripheral connectivity, to enable a wide range of devices. Our gpsOne position location technology is in more than 700 million gpsOne enabled devices sold worldwide. Compatible 6 with all major air interfaces, our gpsOne technology was the industry’s first fully-integrated wireless baseband and assisted global positioning system product and has enabled network operators to meet the Federal Communications Commission’s (FCC) E-911 requirements as well as offer a wide range of services leveraging location data. The Snapdragon family of processors is a highly integrated, mobile optimized system on a chip incorporating our advanced technologies, including high performance central processing units (CPU), graphics processing units and modems, multimedia subsystems, including audio, video and camera capabilities, and highly accurate GPS engines. Our CPU cores are custom designed to deliver high levels of compute performance at ultra-low power, allowing manufacturers to design slim and powerful devices that last longer between charges. The Snapdragon family also incorporates our modem technology for advanced mobile broadband and a feature-rich multimedia subsystem that delivers audio and high-definition video capabilities. Our modems are built to work with increasingly complex networks. They support the latest communication technologies and adapt to network conditions and user needs in real time to enable delivery of faster, smoother data and voice connections. Our 3G/4G modem roadmap delivers the latest network technologies across multiple product tiers and devices. This roadmap is the result of our years of research into emerging network standards and the development of chipsets that take advantage of these new standards, while maintaining backward compatibility with existing standards. Through our acquisition in May 2011 of Atheros Communications, Inc., which has been renamed Qualcomm Atheros, Inc. (Atheros), QCT also offers an expanded portfolio of connectivity technologies, which complements its mobile business and extends QCT’s capability into networking products. Atheros is a leading provider of wireless and wired connectivity products, including networking products for consumers, carriers and enterprises, and mobile and fixed computing and consumer electronics products. Atheros’ wireless products consist of integrated circuits and system software for WLAN, Bluetooth and frequency modulation as well as technologies that enable location data and services, including GPS and GLONASS. Atheros’ wireless technologies are provided in the form of WLAN, Bluetooth and frequency modulation integrated products, WLAN and Bluetooth combination products and standalone products. Atheros’ wired connectivity products consist of integrated circuits and software for Ethernet, powerline and passive optical networks. Atheros’ wired portfolio enables delivery of richer, more comprehensive multi-connectivity product platforms to its networking, computing and consumer electronics customer base. Atheros has employed its WLAN, powerline and Ethernet technologies in combination to deliver hybrid platforms known as Hy-Fi products. The market in which our QCT segment operates is intensely competitive. QCT competes worldwide with a number of United States and international designers and manufacturers of semiconductors. As a result of global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological changes and the potential for further industry consolidation, we anticipate the market to remain very competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors for our products may include performance, level of integration, quality, compliance with industry standards, price, time-to-market, system cost, design and engineering capabilities, new product innovation and customer support. We also compete in both single- and dual-mode environments against alternative communications technologies including but not limited to, GSM/GPRS/EDGE, TDMA, TD-SCDMA and WiMAX. QCT’s current competitors include, but are not limited to, major companies such as Broadcom, CSR, Freescale, Fujitsu,  Intel, Lantiq, Marvell Technology, Mediatek, nVidia, Renesas Electronics, Spreadtrum Communications, ST-Ericsson (a joint venture between Ericsson Mobile Platforms and ST-NXP Wireless), Texas Instruments and VIA Telecom, as well as major communications equipment companies such as Ericsson, Matsushita, Motorola Mobility and Samsung, who design at least some of their own integrated circuits and software for certain products. QCT also faces competition from some early-stage companies. Our competitors devote significant amounts of their financial, technical and other resources to market competitive communications systems and to develop and adopt competitive digital cellular technologies, and those efforts may materially and adversely affect QCT. Moreover, competitors may offer more attractive product pricing or financing terms than we do as a means of gaining access to the market or customers. Qualcomm Technology Licensing Segment (QTL). QTL grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which includes certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture and sale of certain wireless products, including, without limitation, products implementing cdmaOne, CDMA2000, WCDMA, CDMA TDD (including TD-SCDMA), GSM/GPRS/EDGE and/or OFDMA (e.g., LTE, WiMAX) standards and their derivatives. QTL licensing revenues are comprised of license fees as well as royalties based on worldwide sales by licensees of products incorporating or using our intellectual property. License fees are fixed amounts paid in one or more installments. Royalties are generally based upon a percentage of the wholesale (i.e., licensee’s) selling price of licensed products, net of certain permissible deductions (e.g., certain shipping costs, packing costs, VAT, etc.). Revenues generated from royalties are subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations. QTL revenues comprised 36%, 33% and 35% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2011 , 2010 and 2009 , respectively. Separate and apart from licensing manufacturers of subscriber and network equipment, we have entered into certain patent arrangements with competitors of our QCT segment, such as Broadcom, Fujitsu, Mediatek, NEC, Renesas Electronics, Texas Instruments and VIA Telecom. The purpose of these arrangements is to provide our QCT segment and the counterparties 7 certain freedom of operation with respect to each party’s integrated circuits business. In every case, these agreements expressly reserve the right for QTL to seek royalties from the customers of such integrated circuit suppliers with respect to such suppliers’ customers’ sales of CDMA-, WCDMA- and OFDMA-based cellular devices into which such suppliers’ integrated circuits are incorporated. We face competition in the development of intellectual property for future generations of digital wireless communications technology and services. On a worldwide basis, we currently compete primarily with the GSM/GPRS/EDGE digital wireless communications technologies. GSM has been utilized extensively in Europe, much of Asia other than Japan and South Korea, and certain other countries. To date, GSM has been more widely adopted than CDMA; however, CDMA technologies have been adopted for all 3G wireless systems. In addition, most GSM operators have deployed GPRS, a packet data technology, as a 2G bridge technology, and a number of GSM operators have deployed EDGE. However, the majority of GSM operators have already augmented their networks with 3G WCDMA and HSPA. A limited number of wireless operators have commercially deployed and other wireless operators have started testing OFDMA technology (e.g., LTE, WiMAX), a multi-carrier transmission technique not based on CDMA technology, which divides the available spectrum into many carriers, with each carrier being modulated at a low data rate relative to the combined rate for all carriers. According to GSA, in its October 2011 reports, 185 operators have committed to deploy LTE networks, an OFDMA-based technology. We have invested in both the acquisition and the development of OFDMA technology and intellectual property. We expect that upon the deployment of OFDMA-based networks, the products implementing such technologies generally will be multimode and will also implement CDMA-based technologies. The licenses granted under our existing CDMA license agreements generally cover multimode CDMA/OFDMA devices, and our licensees are obligated to pay royalties under their CDMA license agreements for such devices. Further, 13 companies (including LG, Nokia and Samsung) have royalty-bearing licenses under our patent portfolio for use in OFDMA products (that do not implement any CDMA-based standards). Qualcomm Wireless & Internet Segment (QWI). QWI revenues comprised 4%, 6% and 6% of total consolidated revenues in fiscal 2011 , 2010 and 2009 , respectively. The four divisions aggregated into QWI are: Qualcomm Internet Services (QIS). The QIS division offers a set of software products and content enablement services to support and accelerate the growth and advancement of wireless data products and services. QIS offers Brew platform products and services for wireless applications development, device configuration, application distribution and billing and payment. Brew platform services are offered by wireless operators worldwide, reaching a base of more than 250 million devices through more than 70 device partners. In addition, QIS has launched its Plaza Retail offering with AT&T as the distribution system for its Brew-based devices. We also offer Xiam wireless content discovery and recommendation products to help wireless operators improve usage and adoption of digital content and services by presenting relevant and targeted offers to customers across all digital channels. This recommendations technology is offered as a standalone product, as well as integrated as part of our core product offerings (i.e., Brew platform and Plaza), to help wireless operators spur wireless data growth. The QChat product enables one-to-one (private) and one-to-many (group) push-to-talk calls over 3G networks. The technology also allows over-the-air upgrades of mobile device software, management of group membership by subscribers and ad-hoc creation of chat groups. QChat uses Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technologies, thereby sending voice information in digital form over IP-based data networks in discrete packets rather than the traditional circuit-switched protocols of the public switched telephone network. The QIS division develops and sells business-to-business products and services through a sales and marketing team headquartered in San Diego, California with offices worldwide. The QIS sales and marketing strategy is to enter into agreements with companies by providing comprehensive technology and services that combine wireless Internet, data and voice capabilities. We have numerous current and emerging competitors for each of our products and services whose relative degree of success may adversely impact our margins and sales volumes. Competing offerings to the Brew and Plaza products include device manufacturer application and widget stores, such as Apple’s App Store for the iPhone platform, operator-focused application and widget retailing and content distribution products and direct-to-consumer mobile storefronts. Additionally, specialized software and service providers may offer key components of a complete mobile content retailing product to wireless operators or device manufacturers seeking to build their own branded offerings internally. Our Xiam content discovery and recommendations product faces competition from a small number of wireless operator-focused product providers and from emerging Web-based content recommendations engines. Additionally, some larger software providers and device manufacturers may attempt to build competing recommendations products internally. Our QChat product competes with numerous push-to-talk services (PTT), including iDEN, which is used principally in the United States and Latin America. QChat has now replaced iDEN as Sprint’s PTT service, with devices being rolled out under the “Sprint Direct Connect” brand. The PTT services business is nascent outside of the United States with several competing standards- and non-standards-based technologies. Qualcomm Enterprise Services (QES ). The QES division provides equipment, software and services to enable companies to wirelessly connect with their assets and workforce. QES offers satellite- and terrestrial-based two-way wireless connectivity and position location services to transportation and logistics fleets and other enterprise companies that permit customers to track the location and monitor performance of their assets, communicate with their personnel and collect data. The QES 8 division markets and sells products through a sales force, partnerships and distributors based in the United States, Europe, Latin America, Asia and Canada. Through September 2011 , we have shipped approximately 1,511,000 satellite- and terrestrial-based mobile information units. Wireless transmissions and position tracking for satellite-based systems are provided by using leased transponders on commercially available geostationary Earth orbit satellites. The terrestrial-based systems use wireless digital and analog terrestrial networks for messaging transmission and the global positioning system constellation for position tracking. We generate revenues from sales of network products and terminals and information and location-based service and license fees. In the United States and Mexico, we manufacture mobile fleet management equipment, sell related software packages and provide ongoing messaging and maintenance services. Message transmissions for operations in the United States are formatted and processed at our Network Management and Data Center in San Diego, California, with a fully-redundant backup Network Management and Data Center located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Existing competitors of our QES division offering alternatives to our products are aggressively pricing their products and services and could continue to do so in the future. Domestically, we face five key competitors to our satellite- and terrestrial-based mobile fleet management and asset tracking products and services. Internationally, we face several key competitors in Europe and Mexico. These competitors are offering new value-added products and services similar in many cases to our existing or developing technologies. Emergence of new competitors, particularly those offering low-cost terrestrial-based products and satellite-based products, may impact margins and intensify competition in new regions. Similarly, some original equipment manufacturers of trucks and truck components are beginning to offer built-in, on-board fleet management and position location reporting systems that may impact our margins and intensify competition for existing and new customers. Qualcomm Government Technologies (QGOV). The QGOV division provides development, hardware, analytical expertise and services involving wireless communications technologies to United States government (USG) agencies. Based on the percentage of QGOV revenues to our total consolidated revenues, the USG is not a major customer. Firethorn. In fiscal 2011, Firethorn introduced a new product application trademarked as SWAGG, which is marketed on a standalone basis directly to consumers. SWAGG’s core features include access to merchant loyalty accounts and gift card balances; purchase and gift of virtual stored-value gift cards delivered via mobile devices; and access to relevant and targeted offers from participating merchants. Distribution of SWAGG has been initially limited to certain smartphones, and content is sourced from merchants, primarily through open platforms. In addition to SWAGG, Firethorn provides a single, secure, certified application embedded on select wireless devices, which enables financial institutions and merchants to deliver branded services to consumers through the wireless devices. Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives Segment (QSI). QSI makes strategic investments that we believe will open new opportunities for our technologies, support the design and introduction of new products and services for voice and data communications or possess unique capabilities or technology. Many of these strategic investments are in early-stage companies. QSI also holds wireless spectrum. As part of our strategic investment activities, we intend to pursue various exit strategies at some point in the future. Other Businesses. Qualcomm MEMS Technologies (QMT). We continue to develop display technology for the full range of consumer-targeted mobile products. QMT’s IMOD display technology, based on a MEMS structure combined with thin film optics and sold under the “mirasol” brand, is expected to provide performance, power consumption and cost benefits as compared to current display technologies. With the inclusion of color displays in all types of mobile devices, including low-end models, the cost of the display has become an even more significant factor in the overall cost of the device. An IMOD display should cost less to manufacture than a comparable liquid crystal display because it requires fewer components and processing steps, thus supporting advanced multimedia capabilities on all tiers of mobile devices. Research and Development The communications industry is characterized by rapid technological change, requiring a continuous effort to enhance existing products and develop new products and technologies. Our research and development team has a demonstrated track record of innovation in voice and data communication technologies. Our research and development expenditures in fiscal 2011 , 2010 and 2009 totaled approximately $3.0 billion, $2.5 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, and as a result, we continue to expand our intellectual property portfolio. Research and development expenditures were primarily related to the development of integrated circuit products, next generation CDMA and OFDMA technologies and other initiatives to support the acceleration of advanced wireless products and services, including lower cost devices, the integration of wireless with consumer electronics and computing, the convergence of multiband, multimode, multinetwork products and technologies, third-party operating systems and services platforms. The technologies supporting these initiatives may include CDMA2000 1X, 1xEV-DO, EV-DO Revision A, EV-DO Revision B, 1x Advanced, WCDMA, HSDPA, HSUPA, HSPA+, TD-SCDMA and LTE. Research and development expenditures were also incurred related to the development of mirasol display products using 9 MEMS technology, Brew products and other technologies. We have research and development centers in various locations throughout the world that support our global development activities and ongoing efforts to advance CDMA, OFDMA and a broad range of other technologies. We continue to use our substantial engineering resources and expertise to develop new technologies, applications and services and make them available to licensees to help grow the communications industry and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities. In addition to internally sponsored research and development, we perform contract research and development for various government agencies and commercial contractors. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing activities of our operating segments are discussed under Operating Segments. Other marketing activities include public relations, advertising, web-marketing, participation in technical conferences and trade shows, development of business cases and white papers, competitive analyses, industry intelligence and other marketing programs, such as marketing development funds with our customers. Our Corporate Marketing department provides company information on our internet site and through other media regarding our products, strategies and technology to industry analysts and for publications. Competition Competition to our operating segments is discussed under Operating Segments. Competition in the communications industry throughout the world continues to increase at a rapid pace as consumers, businesses and governments realize the potential of wireless communications products and services. We have facilitated competition in the wireless communications industry by licensing and enabling a large number of manufacturers. Although we have attained a significant position in the industry, many of our current and potential competitors may have advantages over us, which include, among others: motivation by our customers in certain circumstances to find alternate suppliers or choose alternate technologies; and government support of other technologies (e.g., GSM) or our competitors. In addition, our competitors may have established more extensive relationships with indigenous distribution and original equipment manufacturer companies in developing territories (e.g., China). These relationships may affect customers’ decisions to purchase products or license technology from us. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share to our detriment. We may face competition throughout the world with new technologies and services introduced in the future as additional competitors enter the business for products based on 3G standards, OFDMA-based technologies or other technologies. Although we intend to continue to develop improvements to existing technologies , as well as potential new technologies, there may be a continuing competitive threat from companies introducing alternative versions of technologies. It is also possible that the price we charge for our products and services may continue to decline as competition continues to intensify. Patents, Trademarks and Trade Secrets We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and proprietary information to maintain and enhance our competitive position. We have an extensive portfolio of United States and foreign patents, and we continue to pursue patent applications around the world. Our patents have broad coverage in many countries, including China, Japan, South Korea, Europe, Brazil, India, Taiwan and elsewhere. A substantial portion of our patents and patent applications relate to digital wireless communications technologies, including patents that are essential or may be relevant to CDMA2000, WCDMA (UMTS), TD-SCDMA, TD-CDMA and OFDMA products. Standards bodies have been informed that we hold patents that might be essential for all 3G standards that are based on CDMA. We have committed to such standards bodies that we will offer to license our essential patents for these CDMA standards on a fair and reasonable basis free from unfair discrimination. We have also informed standards bodies that we hold patents that might be essential for certain standards that are based on OFDMA technology (e.g., 802.16e, 802.16m and LTE (including FDD and TDD versions)) and have committed to offer to license our essential patents for these OFDMA standards on a fair and reasonable basis free from unfair discrimination. Since our founding in 1985, we have focused heavily on technology development and innovation. These efforts have resulted in a leading intellectual property portfolio related to, among other things, wireless technology. Because all commercially deployed forms of CDMA and their derivatives require the use of our patents, our patent portfolio is the most widely and extensively licensed portfolio in the industry with over 200 licensees. Over the years a number of companies have challenged our patent position but at this time most, if not all, companies in the industry recognize that any company seeking to develop, manufacture and/or sell products that use CDMA technologies will require a license or other rights to use our patents. As part of our strategy to generate licensing revenues that continue to support our research and development investments and support worldwide adoption of our CDMA technology, we provide rights to design, manufacture and sell products utilizing certain portions of our intellectual property to other companies, including those companies listed on our Internet site 10 (www.qualcomm.com). In all cases, we have licensed or otherwise provided rights to use our patented technologies to interested companies on terms that are fair, reasonable and free from unfair discrimination. Unlike some other companies in our industry that hold back certain key technologies, we offer interested companies essentially our entire patent portfolio for use in cellular subscriber devices and cell site infrastructure equipment. Our strategy to make our patented technologies broadly available has been a catalyst for industry growth, helping to enable a wide range of companies offering a broad array of wireless products and features while driving down average and low-end selling prices for 3G handsets and other wireless devices. By licensing or otherwise providing rights to a wide range of equipment manufacturers, encouraging innovative applications, supporting equipment manufacturers with integrated chipset and software products, and focusing on improving the efficiency of the airlink for wireless operators, we have helped 3G CDMA evolve, grow and reduce device pricing all at a faster pace than the second generation technologies that preceded it (e.g., GSM). Under our subscriber, infrastructure and test equipment license agreements, licensees are generally required to pay us a fixed license fee as well as ongoing royalties based on a percentage of the wholesale (i.e., licensee’s) selling price, net of certain permissible deductions (e.g., certain shipping costs, packing costs, VAT, etc.), of each licensed product and/or a fixed per unit amount. License fees are paid in one or more installments, while royalties generally are payable based on sales throughout the life of the licensed patents. Our licensing terms are reasonable and fair to the companies that benefit from our intellectual property and provide significant incentives for others to invest in CDMA applications, as evidenced by the significant growth in the CDMA portion of the wireless industry and the number of CDMA participants. Our license agreements generally provide us rights to use certain of our licensees’ technology and intellectual property rights to manufacture and sell certain components (e.g., Application-Specific Integrated Circuits) and related software, subscriber units and/or infrastructure equipment. In most cases, our use of our licensees’ technology and intellectual property does not require us to pay royalties based on the sale of our products. However, under some of the licenses, if we incorporate certain of the licensed technology or intellectual property into certain products, we are obligated to pay royalties on the sale of such products. Corporate Responsibility At Qualcomm, we realize we have a significant role to play as we strive to better both our local and global communities through ethical business practices, socially empowering technology applications, educational and environmental programs and employee diversity and volunteerism. • Global Social Responsibility. We are committed to growing strategic relationships with a wide range of local organizations and programs that develop and strengthen communities worldwide. We believe that involvement with charitable organizations is an important way for our employees to develop as professionals and as citizens. • Diversity. We foster an inclusive work environment globally and are committed to advancing opportunities for all employees and encouraging diversity through the workforce. • Environmental Health and Safety. We take a proactive approach in our injury prevention programs and techniques that contribute to a better environment for our local communities as well as our employees. • Corporate Sustainability. We are committed to energy efficiency, renewable energy, water conservation and sustainable best practices to reduce our carbon footprint. • Wireless Reach. We believe access to advanced wireless voice and data services improves people’s lives. Our Wireless Reach initiative supports programs and solutions that bring the benefits of connectivity to underserved communities globally. By working with partners, Wireless Reach projects create new ways for people to communicate, learn, access health care, sustain the environment and reach global markets. Employees At September 25, 2011 , we employed approximately 21,200 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. During fiscal 2011 , the number of employees increased by approximately 3,700 primarily due to a 2,000 increase resulting from various acquisitions and a 1,700 increase in engineering resources as a result of internal growth. Available Information Our Internet address is www.qualcomm.com. There we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We also make available on our Internet site public financial information for which a report is not required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our SEC reports and other financial information can be accessed through the investor relations section of our Internet site. The information found on our Internet site is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the 11 SEC. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090. The SEC also maintains electronic versions of our reports on its website at www.sec.gov. Executive Officers Our executive officers (and their ages at September 25, 2011 ) are as follows: Paul E. Jacobs, age 48, has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 2009, as a director since June 2005 and as Chief Executive Officer since July 2005. He served as Group President of the Qualcomm Wireless & Internet (QWI) Group from July 2001 to June 2005. In addition, he served as Executive Vice President from February 2000 to June 2005. Dr. Jacobs has been a director of A123 Systems, Inc., a lithium-ion battery developer and manufacturer, since November 2002. Dr. Jacobs holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and a Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Paul Jacobs is the son of Dr. Irwin Mark Jacobs, a director of the Company. Steven R. Altman, age 50, has served as President since July 2005. He served as Executive Vice President from November 1997 to June 2005 and as President of Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) from September 1995 to April 2005. Effective November 14, 2011, Mr. Altman will become Vice Chairman. Mr. Altman holds a B.S. degree in Political Science and Administration from Northern Arizona University and a J.D. from the University of San Diego. Derek K. Aberle, age 41, has served as Executive Vice President and President of QTL since September 2008. From October 2006 to September 2008, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of QTL. Mr. Aberle joined Qualcomm in December 2000 and prior to October 2006 held positions ranging from Legal Counsel to Vice President and General Manager of QTL. Effective November 14, 2011, Mr. Aberle will become Group President. Mr. Aberle holds a B.A. degree in Business Economics from the University of California, Santa Barbara and a J.D. from the University of San Diego. Andrew M. Gilbert, age 48, has served as Executive Vice President, European Innovation Development at Qualcomm since January 2011. He served as Executive Vice President and President of Qualcomm Europe from September 2010 to January 2011, Executive Vice President and President of Qualcomm Internet Services (QIS) and Qualcomm Europe from May 2009 to September 2010, Executive Vice President and President of QIS, MediaFLO Technologies (MFT) and Qualcomm Europe from January 2008 to May 2009, as Senior Vice President and President of Qualcomm Europe from November 2006 to January 2008 and as President of Qualcomm Europe from February 2006 to November 2006. Mr. Gilbert joined Qualcomm in January 2006 as Vice President of Qualcomm Europe. Prior to joining Qualcomm, he served as Vice President and General Manager of Flarion Technologies’ European, Middle Eastern and African regions from May 2002 to January 2006. Matthew S. Grob, age 45, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since July 2011. He served as Senior Vice President, Engineering, from July 2006 to July 2011. Mr. Grob joined Qualcomm in August 1991 as an engineer and throughout his tenure at Qualcomm held several other technical and leadership roles. Mr. Grob holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Bradley University, Peoria, Illinois and an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University. Margaret “Peggy” L. Johnson, age 49, has served as Executive Vice President and President of Global Market Development since January 2011. She served as Executive Vice President of the Americas and India from January 2008 to January 2011 and as Executive Vice President since December 2006. She served as President of MFT from December 2005 to January 2008 and as President of QIS from July 2001 to January 2008. She served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of QIS from September 2000 to July 2001. Ms. Johnson holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from San Diego State University. William E. Keitel, age 58, has served as Executive Vice President since December 2003 and as Chief Financial Officer since February 2002. He previously served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller from May 1999 to February 2002. Mr. Keitel holds a B.A. degree in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin and an M.B.A. from Arizona State University. James P. Lederer, age 50, has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) since May 2009. He served as Executive Vice President, QCT Business Planning and Finance from May 2008 to May 2009, as Senior Vice President, QCT Finance from April 2005 to April 2008, as Vice President, Finance from July 2001 to April 2005 and as Senior Director, Finance from October 2000 to July 2001. Mr. Lederer joined Qualcomm in 1997 as Senior Manager, Corporate Finance. Mr. Lederer holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration (Finance/MIS) and an M.B.A. from the State University of New York at Buffalo. Steven M. Mollenkopf, age 42, has served as Executive Vice President and Group President since September 2010. He 12 served as Executive Vice President and President of QCT from August 2008 to September 2010, as Executive Vice President, QCT Product Management from May 2008 to July 2008, as Senior Vice President, Engineering and Product Management from July 2006 to May 2008 and as Vice President, Engineering from April 2002 to July 2006. Mr. Mollenkopf joined Qualcomm in 1994 as an engineer and throughout his tenure at Qualcomm held several other technical and leadership roles. Effective November 14, 2011, Mr. Mollenkopf will become President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Mollenkopf holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Tech and an M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan. Donald J. Rosenberg, age 60, has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since October 2007. He served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Apple Computer, Inc. from December 2006 to October 2007. From May 1975 to November 2006, Mr. Rosenberg held numerous positions at IBM Corporation, including Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Rosenberg holds a B.S. degree in Mathematics from the State University of New York at Stony Brook and a J.D. from St. John’s University School of Law. Daniel L. Sullivan, age 60, has served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources since August 2001. He previously served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources from February 1996 to July 2001. Dr. Sullivan holds a B.S. degree in Communication from Illinois State University, an M.A. degree in Communication from West Virginia University and a Ph.D. in Communication from the University of Nebraska. Jing Wang, age 49, has served as Executive Vice President and President of Global Business Operations since January 2011. He served as Executive Vice President and President of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa from January 2008 to January 2011. Mr. Wang previously served as Chairman, Qualcomm Asia Pacific from August 2006 to January 2008 and as Chairman, Qualcomm Greater China from March 2003 to August 2006. He joined Qualcomm as Senior Vice President in February 2001. Mr. Wang holds a B.A. degree in Literature from Anhui University, an LL.M from the People’s University of China, Department of Law, and an LL.M from the University of Virginia School of Law.